
"Allegro" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    Act 1

This musical tells the story of the simple life of the common man – how he was born (in 1905 and was named as Joseph Taylor, Junior), how he first started to move, made his first steps, and then went to school. At that time, his father Joseph Taylor (Senior) learns to live with the child side-by-side, is getting used to his existence, readjusts his life, so that they had enough space, along with his wife and child. Then we see how Joe lost his grandmother, who had died when he went to school, and receives support from the new girlfriend, the daughter of a businessman.

Then they begin meeting ach other (with Jenny), and they soon grow and go to high school, become students and are even willing to go to university. And, perhaps even thinking about the wedding. At least, so their parents hope. In college, Joe meets a tough guy, the soul of parties and they complement each other – the first gains access to the most swanky parties, and the second – tuition and copying of student works of Joe.

Jenny's father insists that she wasn’t waiting for Joe, and started meeting with other guys and she actually does so and even on her stupidity wrote about it in letters to Joe. He is tired of it and starts dating with other girls along with his friend. One of the girls greatly goes into his heart.

Act 2

There comes a Great Depression and all the families displayed in the play, become not so well at all. The parents of Jenny even move from their apartment and now live with another poor family. Joe offered a job from which he initially refuses, but then agrees under pressure of Jenny.

Work is rather boring, but giving money and he soon offered a very promising increase, but his heart is torn back to his hometown. We learn that Jenny meets another and now, when Joe came back, he again went to work for his father that gives almost no money and doesn’t live with Jenny.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
