
"Forbidden Broadway, Vols. 1-4" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    Record number 1 was without a number at the opening (it was added after the show has had subsequent versions). Gerard Alessandrini is the creator of the show, author of music, lyrics and dancing, and he also participated in several shows in this series as an actor. The first record came out in 1984 in New York, and it included parodies of such Broadway musicals like Evita, Annie, Amadeus, as well as on individual persons, Ethel Merman, Carol Channing were amongst them.

The second record came out in 1991 (at that time, already 3rd version of the show was produced), and according to the creator – Gerard Alessandrini – many fans asked for the release of music collection number two. As a result, he combines altogether things staged during 85, 86 & 90th & out them in one volume. Main parody in this collection: Into the Woods, Les Misérables & Sweeney Todd & of following personalities, amongst others: Madonna, Sondheim.

Though the third record was managed to release in 1994, it has been recorded in 1993. Again in New York City. At that point, the show of Gerard Alessandrini went for 12 years (or more precisely, its variations, not the original show), and he was thinking to give up production but, according to him, new musicals were asking themselves to be parodied. These included a parody of the Grand Hotel, Kiss of the Spider Woman, and such people: Michael Crawford, Dustin Hoffman and Ethel Merman, among others. Like the previous collections, it did not contain a record of all the actors of the original structure, and therefore has been flagged as not genuine.

Last here – part 4 – the only one among all the performances and parts, which did not contain the word “Broadway” in its name – it was replaced by the “Hollywood”, which can be considered as creative experiment. It was dedicated exceptionally to movies parodies: Forrest Gump, Casablanca, The Wizard of Oz, Pulp Fiction, Aladdin and others. And of their songs. In addition, it carefully walked amongst the stars of Hollywood: Keanu Reeves, Whoopi Goldberg, Tom Hanks, Barbra Streisand and others. It was a bad release, because it has been criticized that Alessandrini sees in Hollywood his rival, not a partner in the common effort to make a show business and even that he did not understood well enough the intricacies to make a good parody. This recording came out only "occasionally funny". This release took place in 1995 and, unlike the previous ones, was not recorded in NY but in Hollywood. Phillip George, creative partner of Alessandrini, largely helped with the creation of this.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
