
"George M!" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    The musical tells about the part of the biography of George M. Cohan, who is an American producer, dancer, singer & actor.

The young boy takes part in the moving vaudeville performance named "The Four Cohans". George is alone with his family, Jeremiah and Helen Cohan, and sister Josephine. That can be considered the beginning of his future career in show business. By reaching twenty years, G. Cohan together with his family moves to C. Rapids in Iowa to act at the Columbia theatre.

The family is auditioned with Edward Franklin Albee, who is the impresario, but his proposal doesn’t leave them satisfied & so George arranges their performance at the New York’s Adams Street Theatre. Soon he marries a singer, whom he met in this place – Ethel Levey.

Now George has the intention to change vaudeville family act to musical comedy. Unfortunately, he fails with his first show named The Governor's Son. However, George, never giving up, makes his next work (Little Johnny Jones). The loose of trust disappears when he begins to sing "Give My Regards to Broadway". It was this song, which made him a star.

Making a career move, he becomes a producer. An American actress and singer, Fay Templeton, takes part in their show and, at the same time, many of Cohan's legendary songs are written down. However, things don’t go swimmingly in his private life. His wife is disappointed with him and soon the couple is divorced. Later he marries one more time. His second wife is Agnes Nolan – one of the Little Johnny Jones performers. Together they write some songs, which later become very popular.

However, George loses relatives, and there are also some changes with Broadway connected with the unionizing of the actors. As a result, he quits the stage for a long time. Eventually, he is offered to act in one play and he accepts the proposal. Cohan’s style is outdated, though, and besides, he is used to be the head, but not just one of the actors.

Being alone on the stage, he remembers the past. Together with his wife, he sings "Yankee Doodle Dandy" and leaves the theatre.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
