
"Happy End" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    The action takes place in the twenties of the last century, in Chicago. Gangsters are faced with the Salvation Army. A gang of criminals always gathers at one time & in one place, discussing their plans for the capture of the city & other gangs. Their favorite meeting place is the Bill's Beer Hall.

The plot begins with the expectation of a new tough boss, a mysterious female character nicknamed The Fly & her boyfriend, an important person in their business, Bill Cracker. Bill appears in Bill's Beer Hall alone, holding a trophy – a hat of Gorilla Baxley, a rival gang’s boss. He stated that took care of him. The criminal gang is happy, because now they are the most important in this city, & Bill's Beer Hall is the center of the criminal life of Chicago. But The Fly does not like it. She was not thrilled that Baxley was removed without her knowledge & consent, & considers how to remove Bill out of the way. After murder, a gang is planning to lay low, but in a meantime, they prepare the plan. It was decided not to kill Bill, but to hang on him another murder & to hide him in prison for a long time.

At this time, the audience sees the Salvation Army, who acts on the street. They call all the criminals to repent, to forget about living in sin & to stand on the right path, & then they go to "preach" exactly in Bill’s pub, meeting criminals there. A brawl is planned, as the Salvation Army realizes, who are in front of them. Young sister Lillian is at the epicenter of events, under threat of attack by the gang, but Bill manages to save her & to lead her from there. Bill promises to Lillian to abandon dirty business, because he is tired of this life. Upon returning of Lillian to Army, people encounter dissatisfaction & even anger of their companionship, not understanding such a foolish & even thoughtless behavior. They open to her that Bill is a killer. They found the murder weapon at his.

After it goes the long struggle with the proof of own innocence, the circumstances that evolved unpleasantly & awkwardly, with the main evil character in the role of The Fly & to average Good in the face of The Salvation Army. But the most difficult thing for the main character is not to get out of circumstances & to get back on the road to reforms, but the restoration of the confidence of Lillian. 
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
