
"I Love You Because" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    Austin works as an author of greeting cards. He has a girl, with whom they have been together for a long time. One day, coming back home, Austin finds her with the other guy. Being upset, he meets with his brother in the bar. This eternal student Jeff advises Austin to forget about the girl, as it is the most reliable way to draw her attention again. At the same time, two girlfriends talk about their private life. A young photographer Marcy complains to her friend Diana that she can't find a good partner. Diana answers her that to find an ideal boyfriend, it is necessary to find a person, who is wrong in everything.

Austin's brother arranges a meeting, to which he invites those two girls and an ex-girlfriend of Austin – Catherine. Austin tries to win Marcy's attention. He wants to show his feelings, but everyone understands that the guy does it only to tease Catherine. His brother tries to obtain an arrangement of Jeff quite successfully at this time. Austin breaks his back, and he is hospitalized. He is attractive for Marcy. She considers that he could be suitable for a role of an ideal guy for her. The girl begins to look for him again. She finds the guy in a cafe, where he writes verses to his ex-girlfriend. Marcy tries to dissuade him to do it. In her opinion, there is no place for true feelings in these samples. Austen tries to speak with Catherine by the phone, and her answer is the same as Marcy has expected. She wants to help the guy. The girl explains to him that there is a big difference between sincere confession and the text from the greeting cards. Besides, she suggests him not to write verses to the girl about half a year. However, Austin sends them earlier than it is necessary. Catherine writes an answer, which Marcy intercepts. The guy drinks too much and speaks to the girl about his feelings to her. They are going to kiss, but at this moment, Marcy tells about Catherine. They begin to argue about who does the right thing. It comes to an end with their sleeping together.

Jeff manages to reach Diana. Austen says to the brother that he, perhaps, falls in love with Marcy. Then he comes to the girl and tells her about his feelings. But she can't reciprocate. The guy comes home and finds Catherine there. Being alone, Marcy argues that she feels much better without the relations. Diana asks Jeff to become her boyfriend, but she is afraid that it will bring many problems. Eventually, Marcy realizes that she has feelings to Austin, despite his shortcomings. She comes to him to tell it. But the guy is still offended by Marcy's refusal. Moreover, he dates Catherine again. All four heroes are very upset. Finally, Jeff and Diana are reconciled and convince Austin that Marcy suits him perfectly. He decides to say goodbye to his old life. The guy tells the girl that they are absolutely different, but he loves her because of it.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
