
"Irene" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    The story is about Irene O'Dare, a simple girl, who, thanks to her tenacity and desire to work, willing to pursue every height in her career, whatever she does. She lives with her mother and together they run a small audio shop in the same small town. Events unfold in the covered with nothingness ancient times, when people had to leave their houses to buy music. In addition, the staff of these stores also had to have music education, as they were inextricably linked to the tuning of the mechanical mechanisms, through which music was produced. So, a girl once comes to tune the piano of the young magnate named Donald, a member of a secular society. Of course, they fall in love.

Irene with her girlfriend hired by this rich person to serve in the fashion atelier of scaramouche nephew of Donald, who wants to do something in life and believes that the fashion atelier will be a good pastime for him. And in order to attract customers to it, Donald, for whatever reason, decides that Irene must pretend that she is a girl from secular society, so she would tell everyone about this atelier. And, even more incomprehensible why, – Irene somehow finds this deception outrageous, and quarrels with Donald.

After some time, the atelier is becoming really popular and Donald realizes that he loves Irene, not just fascinated by her. On the way to Irene’s store, some two villains beat him hardly. Irene, out of pity for him, reconcile with Donald. However, after a trifling time, they quarrel again. Millionaire has resorted to outside help, advising consultants of how to romance with this girl. He was a bad student and therefore, his next rolling up to her did not succeed, and she even batters him, despite the fact that on her place billions of women from the modern world desire to be.

After some time, it turns out that the love of all life of the mother of this girl was pretending to be a woman for many years and he is the chief designer at the fashion boutique that Irene had advertised. They reunited with her mother. Donald then publicly says that he loves a girl and they reconciled.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
