
"Show Boat" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    Musical’s actions occur on a riverboat, which for many years is floating on the river Mississippi. In 1890, it arrives in the port city of Natchez. During leave to the shore, daughter of Captain Andy Magnolia unexpectedly meets a guy named Gaylord. The latter is the scorcher & a huge gambler. Despite all the differences, between young people quickly establishes contact & they agree to continue dialogue elsewhere. Upon a meeting, Magnolia fully opens to Gaylord & reveals her intention to become an actress. In response, the guy said that he had an amazing feeling as if they've known each other for many years. Back on the vessel, the main character is interested, what her friend would say of her new acquaintance. The latter advises to ask the great river about it – it knows all the rejoinders.

In the storeroom on board, a girl exhibits own huge crush in this fellow. However, an older friend warns an adolescent that 1st crush is almost always deceptive. According to her, to count on someone serious, she needs to be sure in this person and to study him well. In parallel with these events, the local police officer informs Captain Andy that July & her spouse are forbidden to appear on stage during a local concert. July is black & Steve is a half-white, a mulatto. Local regulations forbid inter-color marriage. The situation forces these two artists to have time off & their places are rapidly occupied by Mag & Gaylord. After more than a successful performance, young people recognized each other in love. Then he made the proposal to a girl. 

Since the above described, several years have passed. Magnolia & Gaylord live in a marriage, not so long ago they had an offspring Kim born. Captain Andy arrives at the Midway Plaisance, Chicago, to visit his relatives. During the meeting, Magnolia is in a depressed mood. She complains to her father that Gaylord became absolutely irresponsible & his passion for cards poisoned their lives greatly. But at the same time the main character still loves her husband & tries to change things for the better. To earn for family's living, Magnolia goes to Trocadero city in search of job of a singer. It happens so that the only star in these lands is July. Her crown number is painful execution of ballad ‘Bill’. When July learns that her old friend in need of earnings, she immediately abandons her job & literally gives it to Magnolia. The last one grabs her chance & quickly gains success. Over time, Kim is growing up. From a little girl, she turns into a beautiful adolescent, which had once her mother been. She has a beautiful voice, which quickly noticed on the leading stages of the country. In this way, Kim gets on Broadway, where she became one of the most promising actresses. 

After 20 years in Trocadero comes old Captain Andy. He tries to persuade his daughter to return with him for a while to the vessel. Suspecting nothing, Magnolia agrees. Upon arrival on the ship, repentant Gaylord is waiting for her. Kim is also present at the meeting – she for so long dreamed of a reunion of own family. 
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
