
"Song & Dance" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    The young Englishwoman who came to USA, was trying to find her true love. But her first acquaintance was far from ideal. After breaking up with him, the girl went to the New York streets. Having convinced herself that in parting with her boyfriend there is nothing wrong, Emma began to continue the search for love. Soon she met Hollywood producer Sheldon. Going with him to California, Englishwoman settled in the mansion of her new beloved. Feeling romantic mood, the girl was walking in Los Angeles. Watching the locals, she drew attention to their falsehood and hypocrisy. Soon, the young lady decided to call to beloved at the studio. When no one answered, Emma realized that she was only a toy for the producer, an addition to his good life, like a house or any other expensive thing. Reproaching the man of insincerity, a girl came back in New York. 

After some time, romantic lady met a nice young man. The Englishwoman has not been confused with the fact that Joe was a little younger than she was. Soon beloved had to go to another city to work. Sad girl visited a friend. Having learned of the departure of the young man, a friend did not believe in it, and said that the English girl had been deceived. But Emma herself already saw an oddity in such a hasty departure of a lover. Full of sadness and loneliness, a girl decided no longer to feel any strong feelings towards anyone. Acquainted later with a married man, she started an affair with him. If for an Englishwoman it was just an attempt to escape from loneliness, then to her boyfriend all turned out differently. Paul sturdy determined to leave his wife and asked this girl to marry him. Only then, Emma admitted that she did not feel love for a guy. Abandoning Paul, an Englishwoman again left alone. A girl met Joe, allegedly went to another city, and realized that she still loved him. During their separation, the young man also realized that he had never found anyone better than Emma. And the lovers reunited. 
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
