
"Spamalot" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    This action starts in some dark English village during the medieval times. We see a local ruler travelling alongside to his butler. Their goal is to enlist more chevaliers to protect Camelot. The king also has two sentries with him. Two travelers enroll on the royal service – the first will be a fighter & the second will be a singer. A main character tries to convince plain people that the real leader of the country is he, as the pulled-out-of-stone-sword has been given to him. But they refuse to believe in it, because they are radicals considering that any head of the state must be elected. With the help, another peasant is turned into knight. Now the ruler has enlisted 5 persons and they all turn back to Camelot. 

The kingdom is in anarchy. Seeing this, the Christian Deity asks them to find a Holy Grail. During their journey, they get derided by Frenchmen. They are able to run away from them. The heroes go through the forest, where they get separated. The first part of the group meets an even knight, but the king helps him by defeating the villain. Several stupid knights appear on the way. They ask to create a musical of Broadway style. The ruler starts searching for a Jews to fulfill this task. One of the chevaliers receives a hand-written letter from a lady, who then turns to be a young prince. He saves him from the arranged marriage & cruel father. Trying to protect the young guy, the knight is called a gay. The king is upset, as he cannot make an appropriate show. But the Lady of the Lake appears to tell him that they have been in a spectacle during all this time. It is discovered that the servant is half-Jewish. All that the king must do now is to marry. The whole group finally is reunited. They meet an evil rabbit, who is said to be extremely dangerous. In fact, it turns to be a puppet. They see a stone with a combination. Unable to find a clue, the main characters ask God to help. The group understands that the numbers refer to the seat in the hall. They finally find a grail. In the end there are two marriages – the king marries the Lady of the Lake, while the knight marries a young prince.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
