
"Unsinkable Molly Brown, The" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    At the beginning of the XX century, while being a teenage girl from a very poor family, Molly Tobin was largely trying to compete with her brothers. While the family had not a penny for the education, and all family crammed into a poor shack, Molly firmly believed that in life it was necessary to be able to read and write. She said once her father that certainly will marry a rich man, thus providing her family with money, so that none of her relatives had need in anything more and could afford whatever (s)he wants.

For a start, Molly takes a job in the saloon ‘Leadville’, in the State of Colorado. Fate decreed that she met there a guy named Johnny Brown, who only began to engage in gold mining. Despite the poverty of the selected person, Molly was firmly convinced that he would succeed in his life. He constantly promised her that as soon as they get marry, his young wife would experience penury no more. And the girl confided to her heart. Accepted decision was not in vain – Johnny successfully cranked his business by selling gold-rich areas, and provided the family with money for years to come. The couple was able to enter freely into the highest circles of Denver. But for now, their level of tastes, knowledge of fashion and spelling met just lame smiles of everyone, without exception, in the secular society.

Not downhearted in any least after a cool meeting with people from the upper strata of society, our couple went to travel around Europe. There Johnny and Molly decided to learn languages, know fashion styles and trends. Life has brought them to the writers’ elite, the person of Molly even interested Prince DeLong. This attention upset the upright Johnny so much, so he even returned his home in Leadville alone, giving the wife the right of choice. Separation with Johnny showed the true power of Molly’s feelings for him – she soon left her obsessive fan and bought tickets to ‘Titanic’, to reach her husband as soon as possible.

Nobody expected that the first cruise of the largest ocean liner in the world, considered ultra-reliable, would turn into a tragedy. But even in such a terrible catastrophe, Molly showed her courage – she helped to rescue women and children, one of the last occupied her place in a lifeboat. In fact, it was she who took over the control of the boat, to row from drowning giant ship as far as possible, not be tightened in the water funnel into the ocean after the sinking vessel.

Thus, Molly managed to save herself, and the couple could reunite. A husband for his heroic and beloved wife built a palace in the Rocky Mountains in which they were happy. Now representatives of all strata of society began to take Browns open-heartedly, and her name has become a symbol of success and an example not only of the heroic rescue from ‘Titanic’, but also the fact that you should never give up in any situation.
Last Update:July, 25th 2016
