
"Water Babies" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    Young orphan Tom accidentally fell into the paws of the participants of a street gang, whose leader was Grimes. When the others were engaged in another robbery, the young man met with Ellie, the daughter of Sir John Hartover. Soon, the young man was detained. He was accused of committing a crime. Innocent Tom did not know how to prove in court that he was not involved in this robbery. Soon the young man fled. When the pursuers drove him to the top of the waterfall, the young man decided to take a desperate act and jumped down. Tom awoke in the depths of the ocean. Being dead from the fall, he was reborn as a Water Baby. Soon the young man met a fairy Mrs. D (Do-as-you-would-be-done-by). She began to give wise counsel to the youngling, but the teen was not listening to them much. Finding out that he had a chance to return to the shore, the young man started to search for the rest of Water Babies, who could help him.

In the depths of the ocean, Tom met with the Scottish lobster Jock, Terrence the Seahorse and fish sword-Claude. Amicable cheerful trio started to help the boy in his search. Finding out that the rest of the Water Babies were at risk, a young man decided to protect them all. Soon he would have to face with the evil sea eel named Eel. But not only the fight was expecting for Tom – a moral test has been prepared for the teenager too, because in the sea appeared drowning Grimes. Only after the young man to forgive his enemy and help him to endure the punishment, the way to the bank will open for him. Kraken, the Lord Depths, will assess changes in the young man's mind, and decide whether he is worthy of a second chance for life. For the love to Ellie and a new meeting with the girl, Tom will reborn from ill-mannered and selfish teenager in a person of high morality. Only at the end, he realizes that he should have listened to fairy godmother Mrs. D from the beginning – then his path to salvation would be much shorter. 
Last Update:July, 21st 2016
