
"Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" Synopsis - Broadway musical                                  
    The action of the musical takes place in 1987 in Spain. The staging starts with a phone call late at night. A young actress and singer is late to answer. In the daytime, a taxi driver sings a song about wonderful life in Madrid. The actress arrives at the studio to record a song together with the man, who has called her last night. But she finds out that he is gone. His voice has been recorded beforehand, and she sings with the record of it. She is full of emotions and finally faints. The doctor comes and asks to make some tests. 

The main character comes to the apartment of the man. She leaves a card, as he is not there, but a strange woman snatches it away. The actress follows her by taxi. She appears to be an ex-wife of the man. She lawsuits him for leaving her, as she has been put into a mental facility because of his actions.

We see this ex-wife remembering every moment of her past. Her son comes in with his fiancée. They say that they have decided to find the other apartment to live. The woman is in rage because of being abandoned once again. 

The main heroine receives messages from her friend, who is probably dating with terrorist. The son of the man comes to his father to get an advice about how to communicate with women. The man is packing things to run away.

The lives of the characters start to get mixed up. The friend of the actress comes looking for a place to hide, and the son of the main hero with his fiancée arrives, as the apartment is in their list for a rent. The actress finds out that her beloved is going to run away with the other woman. The tests results say the main heroine is pregnant.

The friend of the woman tells about her situation with a terrorist. She is afraid of being arrested. They decide to ask the attorney of the ex-wife for help. The truth is that the lawyer, the main character is planning to meet, is the same her beloved man wants to run away with. She refuses to help. The heroes call the police to warn them, as they have found a note with a terrorist’s plan. In the court, the ex-wife is presenting a petition against her former husband. Her actions do not have the effect, so she decides to find the man and make him disappear. 

The actress advices her friend to leave the city for a while to be safe. But at the same time the police arrives. They have traced the telephone number of the main heroine. The ex-wife comes here as well, as she is searching for her husband. The actress is sure he is in the courthouse. She gives the officers her gazpacho with sedatives to go away. The ex-wife takes their guns to kill a man. The main heroine comes in time to warn and protect him. The terrorist is occasionally shot, and the ex-wife becomes a national heroine. 

The man is graceful and understands how he loves the actress. He asks her to forget this day. But she kisses him and goes away in order to prepare for a new life.
Last Update:August, 01st 2016
