
"Aladdin" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    One of the playing musicals this year, which has a huge success with the public and its ads hung on each column in the New York city. Organizers are making great efforts to ensure that everyone got their ticket since demand clearly exceeds the available supply. Some critics think that the play does not expect a big success and it will not repeat the success of The Lion King, to which many like to refer today, as the most spectacular and the most successful staging by Disney. Let's leave already King alone and consider this histrionics.

In this production, there are many advantages, such as special effects, which Broadway requires in its productions. For example, such as a flying magic carpet, or suits, of which there are many and they are just brilliant. But on the other hand, the audience may seem a little bored of these items, because there are significant drawbacks.
For example, all the scenery on stage, as well as trees and other environment, cut from cardboard and behave on stage as cardboards – moving and threatens about to crash when somebody runs next to them, as Aladdin, the hero.

There was not enough development of relations between Jasmine and Aladdin, which would show that special "chemistry", which is expected as usual between such favorable characters. For example, stage time of Jasmine was unforgivable not enough, and so we have not seen the disclosure of her character, and she looks cute and not as open-hearted and charming, as in the original cartoon.

Also play may seem strange-racist because the genie on Broadway is acted by black actor that has words like "I am free at last!", saying humbly addressed to Aladdin after release from the lamp. Many viewers looked at each other at this point of time, and they obviously did not like this. Despite the fact that if the director knew about this issue, could on the contrary, want to show the symbolism of the liberation of black slaves from their slavery. In life, everything turned out exactly the opposite, to the viewer. Especially to ones of Afro American origin.

No any claims to Aladdin – charming actor who is very beautiful and sings inspired and looks no less shrilly. Musical performance generally looks chic and in style of Disney, written, performed and adapted just fine. Reviews of the musical at a time when it wasn’t yet put to Broadway, were not predicting it big and loud glory. Maybe because once again we see the truth of life – surveys of critics in the majority of cases have nothing to do with reality, no matter how many abstruse words they use to pose their stunted thoughts. This musical lives and feels great, with high-profile play in various world capitals on all continents of the Erath, reaching even to Australia. The most important thing is not minor flaws, which will eventually be polished, but the high spirits of tale that offered to us with this amazing heart-opened staging.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
