
"Assassins" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    One of the killers here was pleased that took the life of someone who controls the money. As if money is the evil. Not their usage to do the immense protrusion of all human vices – pride, self-centeredness, phenomenal laziness, lust, and other sins. After all, the one who gathered under a single set these deadly 7 vices, was a clever guy – he knew that each of them corrupts person and turns him or her from being a human, into a biological animal without aspirations, ambitions and mired in stagnation due to its omission. And to never let this happen, a person must, by self-motivation, push oneself to do every-day work to make own life better. And to set the direction’s vector in the way of the maximum get-away from this vices, that were gathered under one set, as the maximum degree of human degradation, and the point from which you should stay away.

Here you will hear many big names of anti-heroes – murderers, fanatics and mentally degraded individuals. For example, Lee Harvey Oswald. There were different famous names involved as: director Sam Mendes, Jodie Foster as the picture, immensely stylish Neil Patrick Harris (who owns the well-known to the throughout progressive youth after 25 phrase "Legen… wait for it… dary!").

The plot tells the story of what considerations were guided by and with what murderers of notable personalities – presidents, mayors, as well as ordinary people in large numbers – went through. You can see why they generally originated such ideas, and would they really could do anything without changing the course of history not in fanatical way as senseless assault but via bringing own views in a civilized way.

Generally, it is amusing that someone decided to make such a musical, which plunges us into the heads of anti-heroes. Usually, all Mankind is always satisfied with the tales that one of the current heroes is positive and so very unselfish, taking the path of struggle against evil. But it is dull and gray. Ones who really interesting – are anti-heroes. After all, all anti-heroes are multi-faceted, albeit infinitely dark, but still lively and interesting to the world and they are full of logically linked chains of causality that made them to become like these. And now, we are admired of, for example, Lord Darth Vader, much more than his flat, in terms of character, son, who portrayed by Mark Hamill. And, perhaps, this play revived as many times, and has received numerous awards and had admirations from audiences and critics because of that.

Each of the murderers, who was depicted here, interprets the American dream in the own way. Someone thinks that it is time to stop being slaves. Someone reflects that education is not quite well-managed. Another judges from his point of terrible working conditions and small salaries. Therefore, they want the most radical solution to the problem, not understanding that it will only lead to more confusions.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
