
"Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, The" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The brothel, which has existed for about 100 years, should be called something unremarkable so it was not obvious to the authorities and did not use excessive glory that would attract undesirable attention. Needed people know that Chicken House is not a factory for the production of chickens and eggs. This is where the other chicks will execute any your desire, no matter how endlessly dirty would it be. The musical shows the positive image of the brothel where all its workers are happy with what they do, no one has any references to the ugliness of the occupation and the general sale of bodies of girls expressed as caring of the health of men who use their services, because it is the place they renew their health in every way. Of course, it goes without saying that all the girls are clean and are generally feel the high zeal for the profession – even sing of it and love beautiful, but transparent outfits.

Dolly Parton starred – as the owner of the place of entertainment – in the movie of 1982, because it was so sugary and pink, as if made of rose caramel syrup in the form of a bow. Here, the viewer is presented with even a kind of morality of what all these people do – contrary to public opinion and common sense. And the closure of a brothel – around which revolves the main storyline – has more cons rather than pros. By the way, closing took place as a result of investigative journalist’s work by some youngster, who is a zealous guardian of morals and a follower of Christian denominations who writes impartial article about what is done here.

In general, the journalist got a finger to the sky, because only imbecilic person does not know what is being done in brothels. In the musical audience is being touted of it as a big omission – because so many people are now deprived of work. So many men (and sometimes, even women) will no longer have satisfaction in life. Everyone should, of course, decide – if (s)he is OK with what (s)he sees on the scene or not. In any case, it seems to us, the attitude to this social phenomenon each one formed long before visiting this musical (or movie), so perhaps that is possible to contemplate just yet a point of view – a new one or comparable to yours.

Besides the main displayed bulges, there are also some issues of corruption (bribery of the sheriff who protects this “home of sensual pleasures”). Choreography is good, and almost all sing constantly. Clothing – above all praise, if you are a man with a normal range of emotions inside. And it is awful, vulgar and (pick yourself the following terms) if you are a woman or a man of puritan – outdated – views on life. Anyway, it seems as if you're not in the theater but in a brothel. At least, it is fun.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
