
"Bring In 'Da Noise, Bring In 'Da Funk" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    In this musical, there are 27 short scenes, which should cause a sensation of pity, indignation, anger, and few more similar emotions in relation to the Afro American population and the time when the slave trade was commonplace, together with the attendant "charms" – lynching, beatings, horrifying violations of human rights and freedoms. Did you know that not so long ago, in 1955 (a year when the movement for the abolition of racial segregation originated by young then-priest Martin Luther King, who was killed for his views in 1968), white bus drivers could with impunity to shoot Afro American, if he refused to give a seat to a white passenger? And throw his body on the side of the road, while a white man calmly sat down on the place of just killed, and continued on his way with the bus, rejoicing a wonderful day and feeling the sun shines brightly…

Not such mayhem hard, but very clearly this musical shows unlawful segregation and police brutality as well. For example, in one scene, where a young man comes to another city for permanent residence in search of a stable and properly paid job, in one of the evening goes to relax in the nite life. But stumbles upon some local revolt, taking no part in it, but, despite this, experience the police brutally and beaten-up to death.

Or scenes at the beginning and at the end (reprise), where young people cannot catch a taxi because taxi drivers confused by their skin color – a vivid example of racism. One of them even passing cars showing his gold bankcard, until understands the failure and futility of his venture. They all swear and show gestures of the fingers, which mean undisguised resentment from the fact that it is impossible to catch the cab. All this is accompanied by tap dance and folk music.

Some scenes are not very deep and just have lots of music, reflecting the essence of the name of this musical – synchronous movement and self-expression in everything. Every performance is different with lots of improvisation in both music and dance. By the way, all the actors that are involved here were developers, authors of music, libretto and choreography of this piece. The exception is only a couple of people who are illuminators, costume designers or make-up artists. Thus, the overall composition of creators and actors is about a dozen people, which is quite unusual for a Broadway’s production format.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
