
"Cannibal" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Trey Parker's pre-South Park work. And even before he released another musical called the Book of Mormon – funny, desperately feeble-minded about half-wit heroes, one of whom is half and the second is wit. Everything that Trey Parker handles, turns deadly satirical, with piles of corpses, killing of innocent (bastards, they killed Kenny!). There is no Kenny here, but in the appearance of the characters already prototypes of the heroes of the South Park cartoon are guessed, which is so clearly and desperately loved by all of us.

It is interesting to watch as one of the half-naked protagonists at some point sings full of love and tenderness lyrical song with a double connotation When I Was On Top Of You – about his horse, as it turns out later, – for which he longs. It is one of the least funny moments of the musical, which tells not only about the fact that someone loves his horse with unnatural (albeit platonic) love. It is about a satire on society in general. The farer less cynical style than universe of South Park has. But it is too exquisitely farcical, full of exaggerations and absurdities that embrace those everyday little things that we hide in our lives. For example, love of one of the actors to the cannibalism is ridiculous, exaggerated, and just a tomfoolery. Or as the whole city is dancing in anticipation of a quick execution of the offender. In public, we are humble, theatrically lowering our eyes when we go among the crowd to watch the death by hanging, but in the hearts we feel rejoice that soon we see blood and death. We will feel more alive from this. And we are glad that this is not we who are hanged. Why do you think videos about all sorts of car accidents are so popular on YouTube? Why do people enthusiastically watch slashers in the cinema, where folks are killed by many ways? Because all are thirsty for blood, death and suffering – and that is what the creators of this musical give to everybody. Be happy and enjoy your bloodlust!
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
