
"Chorus Line, A" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    According to producers, this musical had gross USD 277 million in the box office, and it was viewed by six and a half million people. The Public Theater, which shows a musical, receives profits for many years mostly from this musical, its professional and amateur productions.

It so happened that in 1991, four of the original creators died, three – from AIDS, while another – from cancer. The latter, fifth, died in 2012. It is a negative, but rather a true advertising of the fact that AIDS spreads highly among LGBT population of the planet, as a critical cause of the death in this group. Therefore, some may say that those who choose their orientation, should always understand that it is also a selection of great responsibility and attentiveness. However, any partners of both genders should always be approached with caution and carefully to the partners’ selection, so to die in the warm bed from natural causes rather from than the consequences of AIDS.

Theatre, where the show opened at the beginning of the way, as pre-Broadway, was The Public Theater, which staged in 1975 & a theater took a loan in the amount of USD 1.6 million, to start this production. In the future its creators probably praised themselves more than once for such a wise decision, as this has become their gold mine. However, its 6.137 regular shows were organized in the Shubert Theatre.

Bob Avian and Michael Bennett were its co-creators and choreographers, has successfully made own musical child that lasted from 1975 to 1990, before the closure holding the record number of presentations on Broadway. Show subsequently arrived on the West End and had multiple plays in different countries (Canada, Mexico, Australia, Singapore, Finland, Argentina, Brazil, Sweden, Serbia, South Korea, Norway and others). Its production continued and renewed since then and the last professional production was relatively recently, in 2014. At the beginning of 2016, this musical is on the 6th position of the longest-running shows in Broadway’s history, with the final figure of 6.137, while the Cats, The Phantom of the Opera, Les Miserables, The Lion King and Chicago only possess more.

People who visited all the major staging of the show – the first one in 1975, in 2006, and in 2013, noted that this histrionics is still as fresh as the first time. Of course, it is necessary to make a substantial amendment to the human tendency to idealize the past, and to have admiration along with enthusiastic feelings about returning to the place where they received good & beautiful emotions and spritz this all on top with chocolate crumb of the expectation of a miracle, which they have already seen and now want to experience the same again. Therefore, casting aside all this plaque, we can say that this show is a vivid example of the style that loves Liza Minnelli – colorful costumes, enthusiasm, excellent choreography and the overall atmosphere of the holiday, all the staging time. It is worth noting that there is also a strong emotional component, which has allowed the show to receive the Pulitzer back in 1976 – outstanding achievement for a musical. It also a fond by the representatives of LGBT community, since it is their manifesto and bright event in public life.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
