
"Finding Neverland" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Its creators did more than another variant of a fairy tale about Peter Pan, who battles with Captain Hook and discovers the wonders of Neverland, which became his home for a time while he remains a teenager. They showed a lively story through dramatic passage of events. Fairy tale, in which your dreams can turn true, if you are a child, heart-opened to the world and suddenly meet an honest and the same good-hearted adult who fully shares your aspirations and percepts the world with the same mischievous eyes. Who fell in love with your mother, replacing you recently deceased father, and who will take care of you after your mother's death caused by a sudden illness. A series of unfortunate events that united the characters, allow them to find a new family, even against the background of rejection by society in the face of his ex-wife and the mother of a dying woman. This all allows the writer to come up with the tale of Peter Pan, based on one of his top-beloved new people in his life – one of the quartet of children, after which he promised to take care of. Tearjerker plot about kind and brave fairytale’s birth, in which reflected the reluctance to grow up as the red line, as a strong stance against imminent death, from which it is so much misery in this life in general and in the lives of our characters in particular.

The viewer is shown, how, caused by a surplus of emotions, the boys are flying across the stage that represents their room, because they are full of happiness. The same emotions allow Peter Pan to fly, as the main driving force. As soon as he thinks about something bad or sad, he immediately falls. This comparison is taken entirely from the life that soon-orphans enjoy socializing with their new dad, who not only make them feel joyful again, but also is able to comfort in difficult times, which catch the viewer closer to the end of the play. By the way, emptying bench, where two people had just sat – Peter and his new dad, after some seconds already showing only their silhouettes, and seconds later becoming empty at all, evidences clearly the lifecycle, which leads to inevitable death. "We are only guests in this world" – one of the philosophers said, and he was amazingly right.

Apart from a very complicated story that was artfully depicted in the film by first-class actors, a musical had noticeably weaker realization. For example, there are questions to its songs, including the song Neverland. Frankly speaking, in this form as it is, it misses a lot (if not completely all) things that require a high professional level from vocal performance. Just literally two sentences are sung as needed, with pauses, at the desired height, with lack of falseness (We can sail away tonight… line and so on). The rest is disappointing. Perhaps because of the low level of technique in the performance of the musical, it had not received any awards; neither was marked by serious duration.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
