
"Fosse" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    This musical is a tribute to Bob Fosse for his contribution to the world of Broadway. This man participated in 6 films as an actor, 8 as a choreographer, in 1 as a dancer, in 5 as a director and in 2 as a writer. As for his participation in the life of musical theater, he put his hand to as many as 20 musicals: in 6 he was dancer/actor, in the other as a choreographer and a variety of them as a director, and even more – as the author of the libretto in several. His most outstanding works were Damn Yankees, New Girl In Town, Dancin' and Chicago (in this production of 1975, he has revealed himself as a director, the author of the libretto & choreographer). Chicago came out not only his most successful work, but one of the whale-hit of Broadway’s show business in general. Based on it, was filmed not less successful motion picture with top Hollywood stars.

Primarily black-and-white clothing are used in musical, and an important element of the vast majority of images are hats that simplify visual row, not loading it with excessive colors (after all, there are as many as 27 dance numbers, which is more than enough for the visual load of the viewer).

Critics spoke of the show in this direction: the spirit of Bob Fosse is clearly guessed, in many movements and expressionism of the show that in some strange way, in spite of the myriads of dances, not highly impressive and does not suppress with its majestic. However, several pairs hit from the very beginning, when the first dance of the 1st act reveals seething hormones expressed by the overwhelming strength of the scenic collaboration. Fosse, along with his co-worker on the dance Carol Haney in '53 made a very vivid dance, which stylistically repeated in the first opening sequence by L. Sakakura with A. Blankenbuehler – leading pair of mega-professional dancers. It seems that half of all the emotions of this revue were embedded in the first 45 seconds of this piece, daring, sensual, soulful, where almost physical proximity of Fosse felt pulsating as if he wants to get out, jump out of film tape directly onto the stage.

The musical has received three Tony Awards in 1999 as Best Musical, among others, and has received 5 more nominations. In the same year, it won 1 Drama Desk Award (for Outstanding Musical Revue) and received 2 more nominations on named award. For the London production, it was awarded with the Laurence Olivier, winning one for best choreography and receiving 2 more nominations, but not receiving conferment for Best Musical.

On the stage, as much as 30 talented dancers create black-and-white magic singly and in groups, sometimes of almost all its members. Together they show the surprised public the most stunning numbers of Fosse, including arbitrary copying of some wonderful dances of the films on which Fosse have worked. In 1973, he was an exceptional person, first amongst all was awarded with three most prestigious awards: Tony, Oscar and Emmy. All three in one year! Of course, doers began to appear afterwards, which collected 4 and even 5 most prestigious awards in one hands (Grammy and Pulitzer complementing the mentioned), but he was on top of list.

Reinking, his companion until the death, received Tony in 1997 for a very loud musical Chicago made in conjunction with Fosse, participated in the creation of this very staging. Also, G. Verdon, four-time Tony winner and his past wife, was associated with the creation of this brilliant show, as a consultant.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
