
"George M!" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The full name of the talented composer, singer, dancer and producer is George Michael Cohan, but he is better known as George M. Cohan. 

Without doubts, life of this ambitious and hardworking person can become the example for many people of what success may purposeful and go-ahead person achieve in the creative sphere of life. His course of life is traced in the musical, from the most youthful years, when the future star acted in show together with the family, to peak of his career, when the young Cohan, singing the words of "Give My Regards to Broadway" on the stage, turned into the successful producer who writes the shows by himself and takes part in his own works. 

Certainly, as well as in each celebrity's life, in George's were both ups and downs. Difficulties and barriers on the way of reaching the goal, quarrels with the wife and divorce, disappointments and re-comprehension of oneself. However, no matter what had happened, he was always close to his family, which really supported Cohan and believed in him.

That was successfully, that for the first time, the talented star was performed by Joel Grey. The charismatic singer, actor and photographer amazingly accurately, according to the critic words, reproduced George's character, artistic, persistent, charming and living with his shows. No wonder, that he received an award as the best performer in the musical – when you look at the tricks, which talented Joel gives out on the scene, it is impossible to remain sitting still – there is a wish to break into a dance immediately. Certainly, this is a great merit of the American choreographer Joe Layton who was also awarded by a Tony Award, becoming a winner for Best Choreography.

Besides visual gloss of show: atmospheric suits, tremendous Cohan's music and brilliant game of all the performing part, it is impossible to forget about an important biographic fullness of this work. The musical purpose is not only to amuse the viewer, but, first of all, to acquaint with life of an outstanding person, therefore the drama component is brightly expressed, and the viewer, being imbued with what is happening, by the end will be both, smiling, as well as sad.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
