
"Hamilton" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Hamilton is a modern example of a successful musical performance. It appeared on stage in the middle of the summer of 2015 and up to now collects positive feedbacks. Thundered glory of this theatrical is not accidental: a good direction, an incredible combination of classic and modern trends, coupled with the performance of the actors is so alive that you don’t even believe that it causes them any difficulty. It does not say that the musical is incredibly expensive in terms of scenic decoration and design, because it takes place on a fairly simple stage, with not the most sophisticated decorations, deprived of enchanting brilliance. Costumes on the actors rather simple also, without frills, but clearly & quite frankly transfer and the idea that was originally put into, and the spirit of the time.

Humanity. Humanness and this, as it may seem at first glance, simplicity, gives a stunning result. We are glad that the plot and music has not slacks or overloads with events, allowing to plunge into the story completely. From the first chords of sounding, attention is riveted to what is happening on the stage, and does not allow to escape for a moment. It is impossible to want to do something else, because the plot on the scene becomes something so alive and independent, that it is wanted to immerse in it completely.

As all the Founding Fathers, black actors were selected, doing an excellent job with their roles in the play. The transitions from one musical style to another aren’t smooth, which anoints a charm throughout the event. Miranda is surprising. Its role in the musical is unique: he alone is a leading actor, composer, author of the play, lyrics, co-producer and co-director. In the history of Broadway, it is one of the rarest cases. May the show be designed for fans of hip-hop, but this does not prevent it to be adored unconditionally even by not the fans of the genre. Originality, brilliant directing, outstanding music, and glitter of decorations. What will happen if you take it all away? A good story of a strong personality remains, one of the great leaders of the country, drawing attention to the important things, like the past.

Hamilton was nominated for 40 different awards, amongst which took 27, including Outstanding Musical, Best New Musical and Outstanding Music. The play was nominated even for Grammy-2016 as Best Musical Theater Album. Tour performances in the United States were planned, estimated beginning – 2017. There is no doubt that it will be successful.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
