
"High Fidelity" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Sometimes it seems to people they have everything that is necessary for happiness. It’s your own favorite little musical shop, a girlfriend, and friends, who share your interests. But when something begins to go wrong, a person thinks, what his or her fault is. And it can sometimes lead to the unexpected conclusions and completely change the destiny. Rob Gordon is the clodhopper without money and aspiration in life. It doesn't prevent him from putting on ugly clothes, tormenting his six ex-girlfriends, being eternally dissatisfied, hanging out with a couple of cranky music lovers, and, at last, meeting the dawn in his bed with an exotic American singer. But this image of the music lover, who has neglected his life in the past, attracts by its sincerity. The music and love, filling his life with sense, resist to the world of money and eternal cares of success. The internal romantic in the soul of the hero wins the heart of the audience. He is constantly arguing about what has become the first reason: the dependence on sentimental music or his depression because of another failure in love?

A good job of the designer of scene and the costumier should be also noticed. With their help, the atmosphere of that time, in which the novel has been written, is perfectly transferred. The soundtracks of the performance are rich and various. It's a remarkable selection of music from different times! The show is simply impregnated with various names of the groups and performers, whose names will become a revelation for many people. It’s not just a beautiful ornament. It's a counter, a way to create a mood of the viewers, to express emotions and experiences of the characters. Sometimes they are silent, but the music speaks in place of them. This puzzle, developing together in accuracy, coincides with the atmosphere of musical bits and rhythms of life from the pages of the novel. But the musical has also one big disadvantage. The book is organized in such way, that the evolution of the character and his principles are traced by each of Rob's ex-beloveds, whom he remembers. The scenario was made as if the book was broken into pieces. The creators have rearranged chapters and pages, they have added humor. That’s why a viewer keeps tracking the road, which Rob moves, being gradually improved. In general, the show is worth watching, at least because there is a surprising variety of great musical hits in it.
Last Update:April, 06th 2016
