
"Most Happy Fella, The" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    It is an amazing story, which may touch the hearts of everyone. There is no politics or religion here. All that a viewer can see is just life. ‘Most Happy Fella’ is a wonderful love story with a happy ending. However, it might become the reason for some people not to like it, because it is not always so in reality. In everyday life, we face injustice, lies and cruelty. The situation does not always end happily. People may get hurt. But in this musical, it is not so. 
The performance brings hope and inspiration to those, who are ready to receive it. The actors play wonderfully. They manage to transfer the emotions of their characters. There are lots of songs in the show, perfectly matching the scenes. That is why it is called an opera. So, any opera-lover will be glad to watch and listen to this histionics. The audience can also enjoy plenty of dances, which cannot leave indifferent.
The most important lesson of the musical is probably that you can always find happiness. It does not matter, how old you are. Besides, it points out that the age difference is not vital in love. What is more, the happiest man is the one, who is able to forgive the others for their mistakes. That’s why the performance is titled so.
This spectacular has become prodigiously successful. It has had several revivals on the stage. People still want to watch it, as it is quite true.
Here you will like costumes and decorations as well. Enjoy beautiful voices, talented acting, nice songs and creative dances. You will see that the musical has deserved all its awards and nominations. Fantastic costumes were not the highlight of this histrionics. The essentials here belief in yourself, dedication to the object of your love. You should not give up even if someone tells you that you aren’t good enough to do what you’re doing (or too old to love). Remember – when people say ‘you can’t’, they define their limitations, not yours.
Last Update:May, 16th 2016
