
"On The Town" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The musical is based on the ballet created by Robbins & Bernstein. In 1944, dancing exhibitions were extremely popular among the audience. O. Smith & his cooperator P. Feigay decided to create a histrionics based on ballet. They persuaded authors in the success of this event. The latter ones wanted the script & lyrics to this histrionics were written by their friends A. Green & B. Comden. When director G. Abbott joined the project, was carried out financing of the show. Also, MGM studio allocated the money in exchange for the right to the film adaptation of the musical. After the premiere on Broadway, previously unknown to anyone & almost unemployed writers woke up famous. For A. Green & B. Comden it was the first experience in writing the lyrics for the musical. 

The original spectacular of 1944 included artists of different races, which ensured it a special reputation. In one of the main roles starred S. Osato – American dancer of Japanese origin. In addition, 6 black actors were involved, depicting the city's residents. During the first 9 months, African-American conductor E. Lee managed the orchestra. In 1949, MGM studio filmed the production. Directors of the film were G. Kelly & S. Donen. The film stars were: G. Kelly, J. Munshin, F. Sinatra, B. Garrett, A. Miller, Vera-Ellen, A. Pearce & B. Benaderet. The revived version of the musical in 1997 was well met by critics. But the shift in 1998 on Broadway of this production went highly unsuccessful. Musical stayed on stage of Public Theater just for two months, after which it was decided to remove it. Audience interest in the play was below forecast. The company's losses, which represented this piece, amounted to about 6 million dollars. 

The version of 2014 marked the 70th anniversary of the original production. An orchestra of 28 musicians were involved in the show. The performance received a lot of positive reviews from critics. The production was nominated for & won a number of awards: Astaire (5 nominations, 2 wins), Drama Desk (2 nominations), Drama League (2 nominations), Outer Critics Circle (4 nominations), Tony (4 nominations), Theatre World (1 win). At 12th week of the show – in August 2015 – box office amounted to 435,180 dollars per 1 week. In the final week of the show the proceeds were received in the amount of 955,351 dollars.
Last Update:June, 25th 2016
