
"Pacific Overtures" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Initially, John Weidman wrote the play, which was later transformed into a musical. Part of the product’s name was taken from the text of the genuine letters of Commodore Matthew C. Perry, sent to the Japanese emperor. The second half indicates the region where the play’s events occur. Staging is considered the most ambitious and complex of all musicals by Stephen Sondheim. The original Broadway show was created in the style of Japanese theaters, where all the roles are played by men. Reviews on this musical from critics were mixed. Director Harold Prince used many methods of Kabuki theater, when creating productions. All sceneshifters wore black clothes and their faces were covered with dark masks. According to some critics, the director’s attempts to gather in the performance Japanese traditions and Western style are similar to bonsai tree. The show turned out just the same unusual, beautiful and perfectly formed. 

From the next versions of the musical, Japanese performance has attracted the most attention of the public. Director Amon Miyamoto showed the play to Tokyo audience and after 2 years – to Americans. A few years later, he created a new Broadway version of the play. Unlike the American version, this production was considered not too successful. Despite the positive feedback in relation to the director, the play itself has not made the proper impression on critics. According to the reviewers, when transferring the musical, it had lost something important. No similar scenery and costumes, no initial staging concept could not help the performance to be compared with the version of the show, which a few years ago saw the American audience. 

The original musical of 1975 was nominated for Drama Desk (7 nominations, 2 wins) and Tony (10 nominations, 2 wins). Also, it received 1 reward from New York Drama Critics' Circle. Updated Broadway production in 2004 was nominated for: Drama League (1 nomination), Outer Critics Circle (2 nominations), Tony (4 nominations). In the last week of the show, this version of the production – as of January 2005 – in box office amounted to 325,514 dollars per 1 week.
Last Update:July, 06th 2016
