
"Parade" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The basis of plot of the musical is a real tragedy, which took place in Atlanta in the early XX century, with 13-year-old girl and falsely accused factory manager. Writer rose up in those places where this incident occurred. His great-uncle A. Uhry was the owner of the factory where worked Leo. Harold Prince asked J. R. Brown to write the score for the musical after S. Sondheim decided not to participate in this project. He drew attention to a capable young man thanks to his daughter, who introduced her father to the composer's creativity. Staging has become the first production of J. R. Brown for Broadway. 

Most critics reacted positively to this theatrical. They noted the seriousness and dramatics of work, which was based on the real facts. But the audience, as well as some reviewers, have reacted on the play cool. The audience felt that in the show too often were used racial offences. In the theater community production on Broadway and subsequent versions had been widely recognized. The show was received with great admiration. 

Staging of 1998 was nominated for a Drama Desk Award (13 nominations, 6 wins), Tony (9 nominations, 2 wins) and the Outer Critics Circle (2 nominations). It also has been noted by the NY Drama Critics' Circle. London production in 2008 was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award in 7 categories. Box office over the weekend at the time of completion of the Broadway show (as of February 1999) amounted to 264 797 dollars. This was almost 2 times less than the projected income. 

In February 2015, a musical was presented in the form of a concert with minimal stage props. The head of the show was J. R. Brown. The play involved a choir of 200 people, coming from different parts of America, and NY City Chamber Orchestra. Critics have noted the skill of composer, who brilliantly coped with the management of such a large number of participants. They noted that if J. R. Brown suddenly stops to compose music, he is awaited by a brilliant career as a conductor.
Last Update:July, 06th 2016
