
"Passing Strange" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    At the heart of the musical is semi-autobiographical story of the life of Mark Stewart, who in his youth traveled to realize own potential & to look for true reality. This was the first work of an author – previously he never wrote plays. To name the histrionics, M. Stewart picked up a fragment of a replica of Shakespeare's character Othello. Being interviewed, creator admitted that this quotation has inspired him to work, reminded him own story of a gospel rock music-maker, drawing the attention of a girl with his travel stories. In the age of 46, he began to recall himself at a young age. That is what forms the core of the story in this theatrical. 

Initially production was staged in 2004/2005. Broadway histrionics received very good reviews from critics. They noted not only created great music of this play, but also extremely complex libretto, written for this product. The musical was nominated for several awards: Drama Desk (7 nominations, 3 wins), Drama League (1 nom.), Tony (7 nominations, 1 win). It also received awards from the Theatre World (2), NY Drama Critics' Circle (1), Audelco (4) & Obie (2). In 2010, record the Broadway production was nominated for four Black Reel Awards. Box office over the weekend before the closure on Broadway (as of July 2008) amounted to 393 296 dollars, which was less than the projected amount ($695 308). 

After seeing the musical, director Spike Lee was very impressed by this unusual staging. He immediately decided to record the performance. To capture it, he used simultaneously 14 cameras. At first, were filmed two current performances – including the final one. Then production was shot without an audience. It has made possible to use special equipment to capture close-ups. Critics praised the created film. Many have noted the work of a director as perfectly conveying the atmosphere of Broadway. They drew attention to the fact that the record has turned out lively & convincing. According to the reviewers, Spike Lee made the right choice having carried out this specific way of an adaptation.
Last Update:July, 06th 2016
