
"Passion" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The musical is an adaptation of the film ‘Passione d'Amore’, shot by director E. Scola in 1981. The picture is based on the novel ‘Fosca’, written by I. U. Tarchetti. S. Sondheim saw the Italian film in 1983. In the course of viewing, the composer realized that the picture can be musical – songs have already begun to take shape in his mind. He immediately decided that the libretto for the work should write J. Lapine – writer greatly felt different epochs and perfectly transferred their romantic atmosphere onto the scene. Critics were delighted with the staging. But some viewers didn’t have serious attitude to this work. During a performance, in a hall resounded laughter, which was very upsetting for the cast and creators. Subsequently, the public attitude towards this theatrical has changed.

On Broadway were shown 240 performances, and the show received a Tony Award as the Best Musical. The performance has been presented in 10 nominations, winning 4 Tonies. The musical was awarded with Theatre World. The play was nominated for an Outer Critics Circle Aw. Musical was presented in 11 categories in Drama Desk, receiving 6. The London production in 1996 was nominated for four Laurence Oliviers, won the same quantity. The British version of the 2010 received Laurence Olivier Award (3 nominations & 1 win) and 1 Evening Standard. Off-Broadway production in 2013 has been nominated for the Drama Desk 7 times. Box office for the final weekend on Broadway (as of 8 January 1995) amounted to 288 607 dollars. After the final performance, was made recording on CD, as well as from production of 1996 in London. In September 1996, it was shown on television. 

Critics noted that the sets for its warm and glowing colors were reminiscent of Italian frescoes. This emphasized the drama of the production. The reviewers highlighted the great emotional and musical passion. Music fully conveyed the atmosphere of love in the play. Many critics felt the play was the best work of Stephen Sondheim at that moment. It was also noted that the actors looked very natural in suits of XIX century, created by A. Hould-Ward.
Last Update:July, 06th 2016
