
"Ring of Fire" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    For many years, producers asked the musician Johnny Cash to allow the creation of stage production based on his songs. But only in 2003, after getting acquainted with the idea of a revue, he allowed W. Meade to use his works in the show. Soon Johnny Cash died. W. Meade turned to Richard Maltby, Jr. with a request to create theatrical production based on the songs of the musician. He gave the future director a large amount of literature and CDs with recordings of J. Cash. Thinking over the concept of a new product, R. Maltby immediately gave up the idea to make the main character of the theatrical Johnny Cash himself. He knew that no one could adequately impersonate the great musician on stage. It was also decided not to focus on the fact that the core of revue would be the biography of J. Cash. As a result, the author received a mythical American tale about growing up of a young man who was born in the countryside.

Broadway production received mixed reviews from critics. Due to the low sales of tickets, show lasted on the stage just 6 weeks after its premiere. During the penultimate weekend before closure, organizers received box office of only USD 229 849 dollars instead of the planned USD 784 992. After the end of the show, it was suggested that this play was not suitable for large theaters. A new subsequent production in the chamber-small Mercury Theater has made a very favorable impression of critics. The audience also appreciated the theatrical. Due to the fact that it took place on the smaller stage, the audience felt semblance with the story told. Many of them pointed out that they went through similar tests, which have been described in the Johnny Cash’s songs about his life. Revue caused positive emotions from the fans of the style of country and blues, and from the people who had other interests in music. Some critics have even expressed the hope that in the future this play would be likely produced in small theaters, because this show was really perfect for modest-size scenes.
Last Update:July, 12th 2016
