
"Rude Awakening" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    There can be many debates about the merits of this musical, but best of all its quality confirms the 30-year experience on the stage. In the history of theatrical art, such result has been achieved only by a few projects, even much more serious. This means that creation is valued by the audience and they do not bother to see it again and again. Awards? This play is not tuned to collect neither general nor personal awards. Its main purpose – to show the audience funny parodies of the beloved classic and contemporary musicals. And it is not about ridiculing the original performances, no. On the contrary, the creators pay tribute, for example, to conditional Mary Poppins or Jersey Boys, causing people to feel a certain sense of nostalgia. The comic element is a supplement that charges with positivity and gives a unique opportunity to look at the good Freddy Krueger, as an example.

Music is an integral part of supporting fun atmosphere. Forbidden Broadway: Rude Awakening, Curtains For Curtains, and the rest of the compositions are made in a dynamic and slightly ironic style. By themselves, they are not causing the audience’s laugh. But at the same time, each song perfectly underlines the facial expressions and gestures of the actors, the behavior of their heroes, and so on. Parody reached to the song titles. Against the general background stands out the track ‘Supercalifragilisticexpialadocious’. After reading it well from the first attempt, you without hesitation can arranged yourself to be a speech therapist. 

Acting here, as in most other comic projects, is reduced to the second line. This does not mean that the performers aren’t coping with their task. They do as much as it is required from them. The fact is that in the foreground are musical scenery, makeup and costumes. They are worked-out on ‘A+’. A variety of costumes affects. During the play, it is possible to see more than 50 vivid images, completely different from each other. An example of the mentioned can serve an episode in which on the one scene are witch characters, Mary Poppins, the Greek god Zeus and a singer dressed in a blue dress. All this shows originality of the project and partly explains how it manages to stay afloat for more than 30 years. The viewers are always in need of fun creations, while watching which, they could forget about everyday problems and enjoy the action on the stage.
Last Update:July, 12th 2016
