
"Scrooge" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Staging is an adaptation of the eponymous 1970’s film. It was shot based on ‘A Christmas Carol’ book, written by Charles Dickens in 1843. The songs by L. Bricusse for the film formed the basis of this spectacle. The author has personally adapted screenplay, for which then began to make the theatrical. L. Bricusse for few months worked with director Bob Tomson, to achieve the best possible option for the future production of the plot. Cheerful numbers and anticipation of Christmas prevailed in this version of the famous work of C. Dickens. Leslie Bricusse revised approach to the main character of the play. Now the old miser was not an all-up person who has forgotten that he had a heart. This Scrooge, invented for the production, almost did not cause a negative attitude of the public to his ugly behavior. Subsequently, were created two versions of the musical – full-length and 55-minute. An abbreviated version was ideal for school groups and small ensembles. 

Anthony Newley, who played the first role of an old miser, faced with a difficult task – he needed not only to show the negative aspects of his character, but also to appear in the final as a good old man in red attire, handing out gifts to people around. Critics have pointed out that not every artist could cope with task to expose on stage expressive meanness, greed and strife of Scrooge. This point, in their view, did not give the musical to become a full embodiment of the works of Dickens. And if A. Newley managed to get closer to the true Scrooge, than T. Steele was too good person to depict heartless old man.

The show premiered in Birmingham aroused great interest among audiences and critics. Reviews have been different, although many of them pointed out that in the production were some very successful musical numbers. Some people did not like too light-weight version of the story about the old greedy rich. But most critics found histrionics quite acceptable – the show had the atmosphere of the approaching Christmas. Separately, the special effects were highlighted, especially the appearance of spirits of the past, present and future. The play made the viewers not only to think about the possible punishment for sins and maintaining a decent life, but to have an experience of the feeling of the approaching Christmas. Fantastic story with a good ending allowed bringing to the musical even children.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
