
"Something Rotten!" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The idea of creating such musical appeared at Karey brothers and W. Kirkpatrick in 1990. Teaming up with playwright J. O'Farrell, they created a few songs and sent them in 2010, together with the idea, to a show producer K. McCollum. After C. Nicholaw joined a creative team, production development has been launched. In the show can be seen parody fragments on the most famous Broadway productions, which have been created over the past 50 years. This is the first musical performance presented by brothers Kirkpatrick on Broadway. 

The premiere of the show has caused a great interest among the public. It has received many critical reviews – both positive and negative, but mostly the first ones. Satirical production does not leave anyone indifferent. Reviewers noted a very cheerful atmosphere of the play, which at times was almost out of the permissible limits of decency. The show was filled with puns, a double-meaning dialogues and absurd stylization. During the three summer months of 2015, this theatrical was collecting for 1 week more than 1 million dollars of box office incomes. Over the Christmas holidays, was received not less amount. Despite the fact that this musical has been nominated for a large number of ones, it won only in one category. 

Spectacular and provocative costumes of the Elizabethan era were designed by G. Barnes. Due to attempts to come up with the characters and do a play, on the stage began to appear a lot of details from the performances of the XX century. Creation of a show-in-the-show provided an opportunity to authors to go beyond the 1590s and to show other epochs inside it. Experienced viewers must have paid attention to the fragments of many popular plays, which appeared in the spectacular about the eggs. Critics have noted very harmonious color and light design of the show. The satirical show goes on Broadway for already more than a year, and the public interest to this production has not yet disappeared.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
