
"Sound of Music, The" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The histrionics is based on the motion picture of 1956 & autobiography of Maria Trapp, who later became a singer. After seeing a motion picture of the West & its continuation about the future of the Austrian family, shot in 1958, music-man V. J. Donehue thought that the role of the main character on a stage would be perfect for his friend Mary. Broadway producer L. Hayward & R. Halliday (husband of Mrs. Martin) agreed with an opinion of the composer. Initially it was planned to create a theatrical production after the film, which would include performance of the songs from the original film. But the project had been revised & the producers decided to make a musical show based on this story with new songs. A duo famous of Broadway authors R. Rodgers & O. Hammerstein II began to compose songs for the production. This musical was their last collaboration. A few months after the premiere of the show on Broadway, O. Hammerstein II died from AIDS. 

Broadway’s spectacle was differently estimated by critics. Some of them considered this piece too mawkish. Other ones loved the performance very much. The audience enthusiastically took this show. Romantic & lyrical songs that contained in their lyrics not only love, but also humor, fell on the hearts of many people. Mary Martin interacted well with the young participants of the show, perfectly mastering the way of cheerful governess. Broadway production was long – it lasted on the stage for almost 4 years. But the British production was even longer – British audience did not leave their attention to this piece for 6 years. In 1965, the show was filmed. Though by this time the music trends have changed, the audience liked it. The film later entered in the collection of classic American films. The first Broadway production won 5 out of 9 nominations for the Tony Award. It also received an award from the Theatre World & Outer Critics Circle. Versions of other years also were nominated for several rewards. For over half a century, the musical did not descend from the stages of all kinds. Joy & love that sounded in its songs, found an echo in the hearts of contemporary audiences.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
