
"South Pacific" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    At the heart of the musical is the novel ‘Tales of the South Pacific’, written by J. A. Michener. In 1947, this book received a Pulitzer Prize. In 1950, the musical’s script has also been marked with this award. All stories featured in the original book, are real. During World War II, a university lecturer did not use his immunity and went to serve in the US Navy in the Pacific Ocean. Miraculously surviving after the plane crash, J. A. Michener began to pay more attention to the environment. He began to record the stories of sailors and their personal observations. Later the teacher has created a book based on these records. Hammerstein & Rodgers decided to make a new successful musical, as their previous variant of 1947 has not made much of an impression on the audience. They took from the book of J. A. Michener several stories and adapted them for the stage. The unifying factor was the theme of love and racial prejudice. Rodgers did not want to use ordinary music instruments, which usually appeared in every show about the Pacific Ocean. Writer reassured composer, saying that an empty barrel used as a drum was the only music instrument he had seen during the WWII. Having received lyrics from Hammerstein, Rodgers quickly composed the music – it took no more than 20 minutes to create a song sometimes! 

Revised version made a furor on Broadway. For pre-sale of tickets, organizers have gained 400 000 dollars. Ones, who wanted to see it, stood in long lines to the booths. Because the active tickets speculation, prosecutors of General Office have threatened to close the play. This show has become one of the most famous pieces of work of this creative duo. Critics pointed out that the lack of ballet and the minimum dance numbers in the show gave a special charm to the play. The original Broadway production won in all 10 categories of Tony Award, in which it was nominated. Also, the spectacle has received an award from the New York Drama Critics' Circle. London production in 2001 has been noted with Laurence Olivier Award. The second version of the Broadway show in 2008 received 5 awards out of eight nominations for Drama Desk. Also, play twice had been noted by Theatre World Award and once – by Drama League Aw. The musical received 4 awards out of 8 nominations for the Outer Critics Circle, and 8 awards out of 12 nominations for Tony in 2008. London production in 2011 has been three times nominated for Laurence Olivier. In 1958 and in 2001 were carried out the same-named film adaptations of the musical.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
