
"Spring Awakening" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    This rock musical is based on the eponymous German play written by playwright-expressionist F. Wedekind in 1891. Theater production was banned in many countries because of its provocative plot and content. In the XIX century, it was considered inappropriate to speak of issues related to adolescents’ maturation, violence, abortion, non-traditional intercourse relations and suicides. Over time, society has become less puritanical. Therefore, adaptation of the play in a rock musical, created by D. Sheik and S. Sater, has found its audience. However, some moments still have been softened by developers. 

Broadway’s production was very highly praised by critics. The show won four awards from the Drama Desk out of 10 submitted nominations. Also, the musical was awarded with 2 prizes from the Drama League. The histrionics was 11 times nominated for Tony, winning 8. The musical has received awards from Obie, Theatre World, Grammy, NY Drama Critics' Circle & Outer Critics Circle. Also, the show has gained 2 victories out of 6 nominations for Lucille Lortel Award. The London production won 4 out of 7 categories at the Laurence Olivier Aw. The updated version of the Broadway received 15 nominations for the Ovation Awards, winning 6. Also, it was twice nominated for the Astaire Award, and won three out of four Tonies and Drama Desks.

Songs do not disclose the plot of a show. They only allow the characters to express their current emotional state. Confusion and excitement associated with the first intimate experience, the tragic consequences of such a step, despair and hopelessness – all these creators of the performance have brought to the audience by means of finely and subtly selected music. Many critics have pointed out that the new rock musical brought to the Broadway’s stage a fresh stream. The performance was markedly different from the likes for its originality and dramatic story. Staging showed not only bigotry and hypocrisy of the adult world, but also the vulnerability of impulsive teenagers.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
