
"State Fair" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    This theatrical is based on the novel by P. Stong, written in 1932. Staging is also an adaptation of the eponymous musical film of 1945. This is the only motion picture for which O. Hammerstein and R. Rodgers wrote songs specially. For one song, they even received an Academy Award. 24 years after the appearance of the film, it was decided to carry out a musical production. Critics pointed out that the seemingly banal show successfully passed most of the traps in the form of triviality and sentimentality. This was mainly due to the witty script of L. Mattioli & T. Briggs. All the characters were shown positive and bright people. Despite the fact that the events took place in rural areas, the production avoided caricatures on provincial hinterland. Funny dialogues are full of folksy charm. Rural idealism in the face of the main characters meets and defeats urban cynicism, while showing that the true feelings are an important fundamental principle for the well-being of each person.

After the premiere, Broadway production received various criticisms. Some reviewers felt the show too cloying and outdated. Its role played the big stage, where production took place. Plays, previously presented in small theaters, received very good reviews. Critics noted that the atmosphere of the show is inversely proportional to the size of the stage, on which it was – the smaller the better for production. In 1996, the show has received 2 awards from New York People's Choice. Broadway production has been nominated for the Drama League and Outer Critics Circle rewards. Histrionics was twice nominated for Tony and three times for Drama Desk. Despite the fact that the critics considered this play not the best production, created by O. Hammerstein & R. Rodgers, the audience enjoyed the show a lot. Songs written by famous Broadway duet over half a century ago have not lost their fruitiness even today. They still are liked by many people.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
