
"Steel Pier" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    Many people thought that the idea to create a musical about a dance marathon in the US during the Great Depression should not end in failure. With a very strong cast and talented choreographer, this staging had a very good chance of becoming the new Broadway hit. The plot of a show though looked like a film ‘They Shoot Horses Don’t They’, but it was an original brainchild of David Thompson. Despite the high quality of the performance, the theatrical did not spend much time on Broadway. Production originally was not too lucky – the day before its premiere, it was a first day of another show, proved to be very popular amongst theatrical audience. ‘Titanic’ took several prizes, on which this piece about a dance marathon also was nominated. 

Broadway production received mixed reviews. Critics noted upscale choreography and melodious musical numbers. At the same time, according to the reviewers, the musical clearly had not enough energy. The exhibition of marathon was stretched – it wasn’t even saved by a variety of dances, set by great Susan Stroman. Active development of the plot began only in the second act of the play. Critics have pointed out that if the musical premiered in the XXI century, it would go through more success. Modern audiences got used to watch the reality shows aimed on survival, therefore, the staging about such marathon would certainly find its audience. 

Broadway performance never could not collect planned cash box office of USD 669,064. The best result the organizers received in the middle of May 1997. Then the box office for the weekend amounted to 460,186 dollars. When closing the play, for the last weekend were generated only USD 388 037. The musical received 11 Tony nominations, 10 nominations for Drama Desk and 1 nomination for the Drama League. The theatrical was awarded with only two awards from the Theatre World. Also staging won in 1 out of 10 nominated categories in Outer Critics Circle. If at that time this particular musical didn’t have a serious competitor, it possibly would have received more awards and attention from the public.
Last Update:July, 13th 2016
