
"Title Of Show" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    From the first sight, this performance might seem to be nothing special. It is even hard to believe that critics and the audience like it. But if you watch it, you will understand, why the histrionics deserves to be a part of Broadway’s history.

The cast is extremely small. You can see just four performers on the stage. Those actors are not even well-known; you will never recognize their faces. But their talent and creativity made them popular after participating in this staging. They are so gifted, that the cast has stayed the same during Broadway, Off-Broadway and tour versions of the staging.

The strongest singer in this performance appeared to be Heidi Blickenstaff. She is also the only actress in the production, who has already been noticed on Broadway. All the rest of the cast had this musical as a kind of starting point in their careers. After this, they were invited to participate in many other works on Broadway. Susan Blackwell was even asked to take part in a few television shows. And now she is a host of her own show on Broadway.com. The actors, playing male roles, are fantastically charismatic. They make the spectators laugh and feel excitement. Their dialogues smoothly turn into songs. The so-called singing dialogue of the leading actresses is both funny and beautiful.

The costumes of the performers are quite usual. There are no bright colors, glares and exotic features in their outfit. We see plain people in simple clothes. But all these things make the show closer to reality. And this is the key point of the production – to tell a real story of creation of the musical. Every day problems and obstacles, with which real actors face in this sphere, are displayed. 

The compositions, written by talented American composer Jeff Bowen, are perky and extremely funny. The actors very often break into songs and dances, which makes the spectacle lively and energetic.

Michael Berresse, a director, did an impressive job. He managed to compose jokes and songs together, creating a harmonious stream and telling the story. Here you will also see many Broadway clichés, which are actually proper for such type of a show. It is also full of allusions to some obscure musicals, such as Kwamina. You might not notice them from the first view though. Berresse was not only a director, but also a choreographer, whose dances are simple, but marvelous. For this musical, he was nominated for Lucille Lortel Award in both direction and choreography. He got Obie Award as well.

It is hard to call this staging to be a part of popular crowd. It will never be adored by everyone on Broadway. But it still occupies its niche in the theatrical world. The spectacle is something new, original, full of fun and truth about the lives of actors and their hard work.

The popularity of this production started to grow from the first display. It even has a video blog about the process of its creation. Besides the Broadway and Off-Broadway showings, there were regional versions and the performances in several Australian cities.
Last Update:July, 18th 2016
