
"We Will Rock You" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    ‘Queen’ manager J. Beach was thinking about creating a musical back in the mid-1980s. In 1996, an attempt to realize the show was not successful because of the difficulties in the development of production. In 2000, B. Elton came to B. May & R. Taylor with his project. He proposed to create a script based on the songs of the group. Also, B. Elton was inspired by the film ‘The Matrix’, in which people were under the full control of the computer. The work on the script was completed in mid-2001. After the opening night, on the creators of the show originated a wave of criticism, but the audience liked the musical very much. The play was showed during a period of twelve years. It entered the top ten longest shows on the West End.

Tony Vincent's voice is very similar to the vocals of Freddie Mercury, but critics pointed out that his acting skills were not so great as that of the famous singer. Arlene Phillips, created the choreography, previously made clips of Queen. Director Christopher Renshaw was a fan of the band & has dreamed for long to produce a musical based on the famous compositions of F. Mercury & his colleagues. 8 giant plasma screens have been ordered for the special effects of a show. On the creation of production were spent 7.5 million pounds. During the first week of the show, it received box office in the amount of £1,2 million, breaking the record of Dominion Theatre, accommodated 2163 seats.

Hits of Queen are known all over the world, therefore the production of the histrionics was carried out in many countries. The London production in 2003 was nominated for the Laurence Olivier & it received 5 awards from Whatsonstage.com Theatergoers’ Choice Award. In 2010, the show won one Laurence Olivier. In 2011, the musical has received another Olivier award. In 2004, the Australian production was 9 times nominated for Helpmann Award, winning 5. In 2006, South African production was 5 times nominated for the Naledi Theatre Award & received 1. In 2007, Canadian production was in 8 nominations for Dora Mavor Moore Award, winning 1. In 2011, the Dutch version 4 times was nominated for Musical Awards Gala. In 2012, the Belgian production gained 1 win out of 3 nominations for Flemish reward.

Brian May & Roger Taylor personally attended the final casting of actors for the Asian production. They said very good things about the skill level of the selected artists there. The show premiered in October 2004 was of a great success, but further exhibiting was cancelled. Musical was translated onto local language, only 3 songs were in English. Perhaps here lies the reason why only 60% of the seats were occupied in the auditorium. This version of the show lasted on the stage less than 4.5 months.
Last Update:July, 21st 2016
