
"White Christmas" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    This theatrical was an adaptation of the eponymous film, shot by director Michael Curtiz in 1954. When creating a staging version, authors have tried to preserve a retro spirit in the show. Fancy special effects, colorful costumes and beautiful actors allowed taking the viewer to unforgettably hilarious place. Some critics felt the plot of the show was too simple and old-fashioned, but if you are not too demanding to the histrionics, you can find a charm in it. Production, held on Broadway for two months, experienced success, but for a longer stay on the stage, the show did not have enough charge of energy. In the future, interest to this musical woke up in the audience only on the Christmas Eve and on New Year, so the play appeared in theaters only in this period of time. 

In 2009, the Broadway show was 6 times nominated for the Drama Desk. It was also twice nominated for Tony Award. In Christmas week spectacular received the maximum cash charges of 1,588,859 dollars instead of the expected $ 1,433,203. At the end of the show, production has gained the minimum amount of money – $ 869,936. An updated Broadway version was mildly popular among viewers, although to a lesser extent than the previous versions. The maximum fees were earned in the first week after the premiere – 1,268,196 dollars with the expected amount of $ 1,711,485. In the last weekend of the musical, organizers received minimal revenue – 759,048 dollars.

Poet and composer Irving Berlin wrote more than 1,500 songs for his entire life. His magical and tremendous melodies are not outdated even many years after their creation. When showing the production, performers of the main roles had to compete with the images embodied by the famous actors Bing Crosby and Danny Kaye in the original motion picture. From the charisma and charm, as well as the vocal abilities of the leading artists depended much success of the entire play. Broadway show was not too pleasing to critics but the audience praised the work of Stephen Bogardus and Jeffry Denman at a high level. Subsequent tours also relished public. Some fans of the film were unhappy that producers excluded from the musical several songs and added other ones by I. Berlin. But even they noted the high skills of actors, who were able to create for the majority of the audience a festive mood on the eve of the upcoming Christmas. The show allows to hear the wonderful songs live and to see the great dance numbers.
Last Update:July, 25th 2016
