
"Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    The critic’s reviews concerning this musical were different. We cannot call it unsuccessful, but the tickets sales started to fall by the end of the season. This was the reason why the show closed earlier than it had been planned. But the production is still interesting to watch, as it managed to capture the spirit of the original movie and to create the special mood.

The actors’ work is magnificent. The leading actress Sherie Rene Scott made her best in transferring emotions to the spectators. One of the most striking was the role, played by Patti LuPone. This Tony Award winner with bright blond hair managed to create a perfect image of the woman, who had spent some time in the asylum. Her voice also deserves the attention of the viewers. Her tenor is beautiful and extremely strong. For one of the two men in this production, it was a debut. Justin Guarini – a runner up of the American Idol first season – played on Broadway for the first time.

The director – Bartlett Sher – is the one, who has made a really great job. He is well known for his revival of South Pacific, which has brought him Tony and Drama Desk Awards. Critics from the New York Times called the production distracted and having lack of completeness, as everything was moving too fast. But it is still charming enough to be adored by the audience. The spectacle reflects its characters, who were desperately looking for love. It is also an outstanding adaptation of a popular film, created by P. Almodóvar as an embodiment of romantic anarchy.

Songs are mesmerizing. D. Yazbek is a talented composer and songwriter. It was his third work for Broadway, and it appeared to be marvelous as usual. His compositions help to create special mood and understand the characters much better. The duets are funny, but also gorgeous. Together with fantastic voices of the actors, they turn this musical into a harmonious unity. Some of the songs are just funny, but the others are unexpectedly soulful. 

As for the costume design, some critics are sure it’s too much. But they also complete the image of 1988 Madrid and the passion of love. The style might seem too strange, it was even called full of novelties. But clothes help to transfer the mood and tastes of the heroes. The decorations are minimalistic, but they are not that necessary, as the characters are bright enough to make the required atmosphere.

The dances do not make the greatest part of the show, but they complete the image as well. By means of them we can find out what the heroes feel, and to understand their temperament. That’s why Christopher Gattelli made his best as a choreographer here.

This production is a mixture of artificial visuals, serious and sincere feelings and emotions. Here you can find something to cry and something to laugh at. The musical is very energetic. If you want to be filled with strong emotions – you should watch this unusual Broadway spectacle. Get ready for extravaganza, mixed with tears and hopes for the future!
Last Update:August, 01st 2016
