
"Wonderful Town" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    This musical is a vivid example of the performances of the 1950-ies. Light, lively, with a witty sense of humor and a happy ending. It can be safely called a classic of American musicals. Therefore, it has stayed so popular fifty years later. Jazz music by legendary composer Leonard Bernstein perfectly conveys the mood of each scene.

The story of two sisters, who came from the provinces, and caught by a whirlpool of adventures, is unpretentious, but fun and easy. It seems that the heroes of the show are never sad, and do not lose their hearts. Even the atmosphere in the prison is no different from a nightclub. And Brazilian carnival dances only add enchanting effect. 

For those who love crowded scenes with songs and dances, the rapid succession of events, shift of bright costumes, the atmosphere of light-heartedness and fun – must see this beautiful musical. Probably, the fifties are considered golden age of musicals. After their revival in our days, they have the same success and interest of the audience. It is a good option for viewing with friends in a big company – the perfect mood is guaranteed. 

The musical Wonderful Town had won all nominations of Tony in 1953, namely: best musical of the year, the best performance of the title role – R. Russell, best choreography – D. Saddler, best conductor & musical director – L. Engel, best stage design – R. Du Bois. E. Adams also received Theatre World Award.

After the show in London in 1986, it was nominated for a Laurence Olivier as best revived musical. Best actress in a musical was M. Lipman. After the next revival of the theatrical in 2003, the spectacular was nominated for a Tony in 2004: the best revival, best performance of the title role – D. Murphy, recommended best actress – J. Westfeldt, and best director – K. Marshall. The play won Tonies for Best Choreography (K. Marshall).

Drama Desk Award in 2004 gave the musical 4 nominations. The play has received 3 out of 4.
Last Update:August, 02nd 2016
