
"Zanna, Don't" Review - Broadway musical                                  
    During the creation of this musical, Tim Acito was a newcomer to the writer's career. Former touring performer of the modern dance only recently has finished his career to do literary work. Inventing a musical about an unusual universe with homosexual people, the author called it Zanna Don’t, inspired by ‘Xanadu’. Tim Acito wanted the protagonist moved on rollers, decided to give a tribute to the most iconic picture, but later the idea had to be abandoned. The main message of the show was – to show sincerity and warmth of genuine feelings through social satire. The music pieces you can hear are: rock, funk, pop genre, and even fragments of classical music. Jack M. Dalgleish saw this production in New Haven’s Yale Cabaret in March 2001. Assessing the sturdy foundation of idea of the unusual universe, he called the author of the play. Producer T. Acito offered to do rework the show into a full musical, sensing the future progress. To create off-Broadway production, it has been spent less than $ 1 million. After the first display of a full theatrical, organizers received encouraging and constructive criticisms.

Having good enough feedbacks for non-standard show, the producers decided to shift it to Broadway. Despite the public interest in the unusual musical, planned premiere in 2005 was canceled. The spectacle was distinguished with several awards. In 2003, production received 7 nominations for Drama Desk. The play was nominated for the Outer Critics Circle as an outstanding off-Broadway musical. It was also three times nominated for Lucille Lortel and won one. The play was awarded by GLAAD Media. The show won the Audience Award from Broadway.com Audience Awards. Despite of absence of a musical on Broadway, the production became popular in American regional theaters. Own versions of the play were created in the UK, New Zealand and Australia. The musical fairy tale – this extraordinary staging was called so by many critics. Through comic and romantic scenes, the author has tried to convey to the public the main message – it is necessary to respect the love in all its manifestations. The audience was pleasantly surprised by not finding in the show obsessions and excessive demonstration of feelings between same-gender partners. Lyrical ballads were loved by many people, who watched the show. Thanks to the bright costumes, unusual choreography and unconventional story, musical fans appreciated it.
Last Update:August, 15th 2016
