
Overture       
            dadadadada da dADADAAAA DA

DAAAADadaaaaadadadoodoodoodoodoodoodoodoo

doooooooodoooOOOOOOOO

doooooOOOOOOO

do da do da do da do da

Last Update: February, 10th 2016

Miracle       
            My mummy says I'm a miracle.
My daddy says I'm his special little guy.
I am a princess,
And I am a prince.
Mum says I'm an angel sent down from the sky.

My daddy says I'm his special little soldier.
No one is as handsome, strong as me.
It's true he indulges my tendency to bulge,
But I'm his little soldier!
Hop, 2-4-3!

[Chorus:]
My mummy says I'm a miracle.
One look at my face, and it's plain to see.
Ever since the day doc chopped the umbilical cord,
It's been clear there's no peer for a miracle like me!

My daddy says I'm his special little soldier.
No one is as bold or tough as me.
Has my daddy told you,
One day when I'm older,
I can be a soldier,
And shoot you in the face?

One can hardly move for beauty and brilliance these days.
It seems that there are millions of these one-in-a-millions these days.
Special-ness seems de rigueur.
Above average is average - go figure.
Is it is some modern miracle of calculus,
That such frequent miracles don't render each one un-miraculous?

[Repeat Chorus]

My mummy says I'm a precious barrelina.
She has never seen a prettier barrelina.
She says if I'm keen, I have to cut down on the cream,
But I'm a barrelina, SO GIVE ME MORE CAKE!

Take another picture of our angel in that costume that I made.
The role of tree has never been portrayed with such convincing sway.
That's right, honey, look at mummy!
Don't put honey on your brother.
Smile for mummy; smile for mother!
I think she blinked.
Well, take another!
Have you seen his school report? He got a 'C' on his report!
What?!
We'll have to change his school. That teacher's clearly falling short.
She's just delightful. So precarious and insightful.
Might she be a little brighter than the norm?
I know to boys it's frightful form!

(Take another!)
My mummy says I'm a miracle.
(She looks lovely in this light.)
One look at my face, and it's plain to see.
(Honey... Honey...)
Ever since the day doc chopped the umbilical cord,
(Don't put honey on your brother.)
It's been clear there's no peer for a miracle like me!

My mummy says I'm a miracle.
That I'm as tiny and as shiny as a mirror ball.
You can be all cynical, but it's a truth empirical.
There's never been a miracle, a miracle, a miracle as me!

[Interlude]

Every life I bring into this world restores my faith in humankind.
Each new-born life, a canvas yet unpainted...
This still unbroken skin...
This uncorrupted mind...

[Bridge:]
Every life is unbelievably unlikely.
The chances of existence, almost infinitely small.
The most common thing in life is life,
And yet every single life bearing new life is a miracle!
Miracle!

[Interlude]

Oh, my undercarriage doesn't feel quite normal.
My skin looks just revolting in this foul fluorescent light,
And this gown is nothing like the semi-formal, semi-Spanish gown
I should be wearing in the semi-finals tonight.
I should be dancing the tarantella -
Cui buon fare Italiano. [Italian: With good Italian manner]

Not dressed in hospital cotton,
With a smarting front bottom,
And this horrible -
(Miracle!)
Smelly little -
(Miracle!)
Weakly little bowl of fat!
(What the hell was that?)
Would someone give this thing a bottle?
Or swap it for a later model!

Why do bad things always happen to good people?
Fine, upstanding citizens like you and me?
Why, when we've done nothing wrong,
Should this disaster come along?
This horrible, weird-looking,
Hairy little stinky feet...
With no sign of a winky-dink at all!

Miracle! Miracle!
She's a miracle!
A Miracle!
Every life's a miracle!
The most beautiful miracle I have ever seen!

I can't find his frank & beans!

[Repeat Bridge]

[Repeat Chorus]

My mummy says I'm a lousy little worm.
My daddy says I'm a bore.
My mummy says I'm a jumped-up little germ,
That kids like me should be against the law.
My daddy says I should learn to shut my pie hole.
No one likes a smart-mouthed girl like me.
Mum says I'm a good case for population control.
Dad says I should watch more TV.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Naughty       
            (MATILDA)

Jack and Jill, went up the hill
To fetch a pail of water, so they say
Their subsequent fall was inevitable
They never stood a chance, they were written that way
Innocent victims of their story!

Like Romeo and Juliet
T' was written in the stars before they even met
That love and fate, and a touch of stupidity
Would rob them of their hope of living happily
The endings are often a little bit gory
I wonder why they didn't just change their story?
We're told we have to do as we're told but surely
Sometimes you have to be a little bit naughty.

Just because you find that life's not fair it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
Nothing will change.

Even if you're little, you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

(speaking part)

Cinderella, in the cellar
Didn't have to do much as far as I can tell
Her Godmother, was two thirds fairy
Suddenly her lot was a lot less scary
But what if you haven't got a fairy to fix it?
Sometimes you have to make a little bit of mischief.

Just because you find that life's not fair it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
Nothing will change.

Even if you're little, you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

(Spoken)

Platinum blonde hair dye, extra strong.
Keep out of reach of children
Hmmm ....

Oil of violet hair tonic, for men
Yep!

(Sung)

In the slip of a bolt, there's a tiny revolt.
The seeds of a war in the creak of a floorboard.
A storm can begin, with the flap of a wing.
The tiniest mite packs the mightiest sting!
Every day, starts with the tick of a clock.
All escapes, starts with the click of a lock!
If you're stuck in your story and want to get out
You don't have to cry, you don't have to shout!

'Cause if you're little you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Won't change a thing!

Just because you find that life's not fair, it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it!
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
You might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

But nobody else it gonna put it right for me!
Nobody but me is going to change my story!
Sometimes you have to be a little bit naughty!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

School Song       
            (VARIOUS YOUNG STUDENTS)

My Mummy says I'm a miracle!
My Daddy says I'm his special little guy!
I am a Princess
And I am a Prince
Mum says I'm an angel
Mum says I'm an angel
Mum says I'm an angel

(OLDER STUDENTS)

So you think you're able (A-ble)
To survive this mess by being a Prince or a Princess (B-ing)
You will soon see (C)
There's no escaping tragedy (trage-D)
And even (E-ven)
If you put in heaps of effort (F-ort)
You're just wasting energy (ener-G)
'Cause your life as you know it is ancient history (H-ent)
I, have suffered in this jail (I and J-l)
I've been trapped inside this cage for ages (K-ge)
This living 'ell (L)
But if I try I can remember (rem-M-ber)
Back before my life had ended (N-ded)
Before my happy days were over (O-ver)
Before I first heard the pealing of the bell (P-ling)
Like you I was curious (Q-rious)
So innocent I asked a thousand questions (R-sked)
But unless you want to suffer listen up (unl-S)
And I will teach you, a thing or two (T-ch)
You listen here, my dear (U)
You'll be punished so severely (se-Vre-ly)
If you step out of line, and if you cry, it will be double, you should stay out of trouble (W)
And remember to be extremely careful (X-tremely)

(YOUNG STUDENT)

Why? (Y)

(OLDER STUDENT)

Why? Did you hear what he said?

(OLDER STUDENTS)

Just you wait for Phys-ed (Phy-Z)

(YOUNG STUDENTS)

What's Phys-ed?

(OLDER STUDENT)

Physical Education!

(VARIOUS YOUNG STUDENTS)

My Mummy says I'm a miracle!
My Daddy said I would be the teacher's pet!
School is really fun, according to my mum.
Dad said I would learn the alphabet

(OLDER STUDENT)

The alphabet!? You better learn to listen kid!

(OLDER STUDENTS)

So you think you're able (A-ble)
To survive this mess by being a Prince or a Princess (B-ing)
You will soon see (C)
There's no escaping tragedy (trage-D)
And even (E-ven)
If you put in heaps of effort (F-ort)
You're just wasting energy (ener-G)
'Cause your life as you know it is ancient history (H-ent)
I, have suffered in this jail (I and J-l)
I've been trapped inside this cage for ages (K-ge)
This living 'ell (L)
But if I try I can remember (rem-M-ber)
Back before my life had ended (N-ded)
Before my happy days were over (O-ver)
Before I first heard the pealing of the bell (P-ling)
Like you I was curious (Q-rious)
So innocent I asked a thousand questions (R-sked)
But unless you want to suffer listen up (unl-S)
And I will teach you, a thing or two (T-ch)
You listen here, my dear (U)
You'll be punished so severely (se-Vre-ly)
If you step out of line, and if you cry, it will be double, you should stay out of trouble (W)
And remember to be extremely careful (X-tremely)

(YOUNG STUDENT)

Why? (Y)

(OLDER STUDENT)

Why? Did you hear what he said?

(OLDER STUDENTS)

Just you wait for Phys-ed (Phy-Z)

(ALL)

A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K,L,M,N,O,P,Q,R,S,T,U,V,W,X

Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y

Just you wait for Phys-ed!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Pathetic       
            (MISS HONEY)

Knock on the door, Jenny.
Just knock on the door.
Don't be pathetic!

Knock on the door, Jenny.
There's nothing to fear.
You're being pathetic!
It's just a door, you've seen one before.
Just knock on the door!

Look at you trying to hide, silly.
Standing outside the Principal's Office.
Like a little girl!
It's just ... pathetic!
Ohhh!

Look at you hesitating, hands shaking!
You should be embarrassed!
You're not a little girl.
It's just pathetic.

Knock on the door, Jenny.
What are you waiting for?
Just knock on the door!

(SUNG IN A SPEECH-LIKE STYLE)

Perhaps I will wait.
She's probably having a meeting or something.
And won't want to be interrupted.
If anything, caution in these situations is sensible.
One should avoid confrontation when possible.
I'll come back later then!

(SUNG)

But this little girl
This miracle

Knock on the door, Jenny.
Just knock on the door.
Don't be pathetic!

(Knocking is heard)

(MISS TRUNCHBALL - Spoken)

Enter!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

The Hammer       
            Look at these trophies
See how my trophies gleam
In the sunlight, see how they shine

What do you think it
took to become English
Hammer-throwing champion
Nineteen-sixty-nine?

Do you think in that moment
When my big moment came
That I treated the rules
With casual disdain

Well, LIKE HELL!

As I stepped up to the circle
did I change my plan? Hmm... what?
As I chalked up my palms
did I wave my hands? I DID NOT!

As I started my spin
did I look at the view?
Did I drift off and dream
for a minute or two?

Do you think I faltered or amended my rotation?
Do you think I altered my intended elevation?
As the hammer took off did I change my grunt
From the grunt I had practiced for many a month?

Not a jot, not a dot did I stray from the plot
Not a detail of my throw was adjusted or forgotten
Not even when the hammer left my hands
And sailed up, up above the stands

Did I let myself go?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no...

No.

If you want to throw the hammer for your country,
You have to stay inside the circle all the time,
And if you want to make the team,
You dont need happiness or self-esteem,
You just need to keep your feet inside the line.

Sing, children 2, 3, 4!
If you want to throw the hammer for your country,
Habinot est magitem.
You have to stay inside the circle all the time.
Circular! Magitem! Magitem!
And if you want to teach success,
(Aaah)
You dont use sympathy or tenderness.
Tenderness
You have to force the little squits to toe the line!

Sing, Jenny 2, 3, 4!
If you want to throw the hammer for your country,
Regotem Regotem varia magitem
You have to stay inside the circle all the time.
Tempero es te iste is.
Apply just one simple rule -
To hammer-throwing, life, and school -
Lifes a ball, so learn to throw it.
Find the bally line, and toe it,
And always keep your feet inside the line.
Now get out!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

The Chokey Chant       
            NIGEL
Oh, Matilda! They say she's going to put me in Chokey!

MATILDA
What . . . What's Chokey?

NIGEL
They say it's a cupboard in her office that she throws children into. They say she's lined it with nails, and spikes, and bits of broken glass.

BIG KIDS
There's a place you are sent if you haven't been good,

BIG KID [BEN] 
And it's made of spikes and wood.

BIG KIDS
And it isn't wide enough to sit.

BIG KID [TAYLOR] 
And even if you could,

BIG KIDS
There are nails on the bottom,

BIG KID [TAYLOR]
So you wish you'd ?

BIG KIDS
Stood! 
When the hinges creak and the door is closed, 
You cannot see squat ?

BIG KID [TAMIKA] 
Not the end of your nose.

BIG KIDS
And when you scream, you don't know if the sound came out,
Or if the scream in your head even reached your mouth! 
Auuurrrgh!
Last Update: February, 25th 2014

Loud       
            (MRS WORMWOOD)

Somewhere along the way, my dear
You've made an awful error.
You oughtn't blame yourself now
Come along.

You seem to think that people
Like people, what are clever.
It's very quaint, it's very sweet
But wrong!

People don't like smarty pants
What go round claiming
That they know stuff
We don't know.

Now, here's a tip.
What you know matters less
Than the volume with which
What you don't know's expressed!

Content, has never been less important.
So you have got to be ...

(MRS WORMWOOD and (ENSEMBLE))

Loud!
(Loud, loud, loud)

Girl, you've got to learn to stand out
And stick out from the crowd!
(Crowd, crowd, crowd)

A little less flat!
(Flat!)
A lot more heel!
(Heel!)
A little less fact!
(Fact!)
A lot more feel!
(Feel!)
A little less brains!
(Brains!)
A lot more hair!
(Hair!)
A little less head!
(Head!)
A lot more derriere!
(Derriere!)

(MRS WORMWOOD)

No-one's going to tell you when to shake your tush well.
You've got a light, don't hide it under a bushel!
Oh, no-one's going to listen if you don't stand out!
No-one's going to listen if you don't shout out!

(MRS WORMWOOD and RUDOLPHO)

No-one's going to care if you don't care!
So go and put some highlights in your hair!
'Cause you've gotta highlight what you've got!
Even if, what you've got is not a lot!

(MRS WORMWOOD and (CHORUS))

You've gotta be loud!
(Loud, loud, loud)

You've gotta give yourself a mission to shine.
To stand out from the crowd!
(Crowd, crowd, crowd)

(MRS WORMWOOD)

A little less bzz!
A lot more zing!
A little less pshh!
A lot more schwang!
A little less dressing like your Mum!
A little more bum-ba-bum-bum ba-da-bum

(Spoken)

Oh, I look nice!
You Don't!

(Sung)

No-one's going to tell you when to wiggle your bum-ba!

(RUDOLPHO)

No-one's going to love you if you don't know the rhumba!

(MRS WORMWOOD)

Everyone loves a little something exotic!

(RUDOLPHO)

But learning a language is over the top it,

(MRS WORMOOD)

Doesn't really matter if you don't know, know't!

(RUDOLPHO)

As long as you don't know it with a bitter clout!

(BOTH)

The less you have to sell, the harder you sell it!
The less you have to say, the louder you yell it!
The dumber the act, the bigger the confession!
The less you have to show, the larger you dress it!

You gotta get up!
You gotta get up and be

(MRS WORMWOOD and (CHORUS))

Loud!
(Loud, loud, loud)

You've gotta give yourself a mission to shine.
To stand out from the crowd!
(Crowd, crowd, crowd)

(MRS WORMWOOD)

A little less
A lot more
A little less
A lot more

No-one's gonna tell you when to, oh oh oh!
No one's gonna show you when to, ah, ah, ah!
If you want a little bit of mm, mm, mm
You can't sit around going la, la, la!

No one's gonna care if you don't care,
So go and put some highlights in your hair!
'Cause you've got to highlight what you've got.
And what do you got?

(MRS WORMWOOD and (CHORUS))

You gotta be loud!
(Loud, loud, loud)

You've gotta give yourself a mission to shine.
To stand out from the crowd!
(Crowd, crowd, crowd)

(MRS WORMWOOD - Spoken)

You so need a makeover!

You gotta be loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud!

(RUDOLPHO)

5 - 6 - 7- 8!

(MRS WORMWOOD)

Wooooooo!

(RUDOLPHO - Spoken)

Yeah!

(MRS WORMWOOD)

Brrrrrrrooooooo!

(RUDOLPHO - Spoken)

Nice!

(MRS WORMWOOD - Spoken)

Check out the footwork - Jennifer Littleton!

(RUDOLPHO - Spoken)

I am the salsa of samba, baby! Woo! Yeah!

(MRS WORMWOOD and (CHORUS))

You gotta be loud!
(Loud, loud, loud)

(Spoken)

You're gorgeous!

You've gotta give yourself a mission to shine.
To stand out from the crowd!
(Crowd, crowd, crowd)

(MRS WORMWOOD - Spoken)

Are you listening?

(Sung)

You've got to be loud, loud, loud
Oooh!

Stand out from the crowd, crowd, crowd, crowd!

Loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud, loud!

Ohhh, you gotta be Loud!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

This Little Girl       
            (MISS HONEY)

Stop being pathetic, Jenny.
Stop pretending, Jenny.
That you are going to march in there and give them a piece of your mind!

Leave it alone Jenny!
The more that you try.
The more you will look like a fool!

This is not your problem.
You've not got the spine.
You are a teacher just go back to school!

But this little girl...
This miracle...
She seems not to know
That she's special at all.

And what sort of teacher would I be
If I let this little girl fall through the cracks I can see,
This little girl needs somebody strong
To fight by her side.

Instead she's found me.
Pathetic little me!
And another door closes.
And Jenny's outside.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Bruce       
            KIDS

I can see that a slice
Or even two, Bruce,
Might've been nice
But even you, Bruce,
Have to admit
Between you and it
There's not a lot of difference in size.

He can't! He can! Bruce!
He surely can't! He surely can't!
you are the man, Bruce!
he might explode! He's quite elastic.
hes going to blow! Make him stop!
hes fantastic! Look at hike go!
I can't watch!

I think in effect
This must confirm, Bruce,
What we all suspected -
You have a worm, Bruce,
Or maybe your largeness
Is a bit like the Tardis:
Considerably roomier inside.

He can't! He can! Bruce!
He surely can't! He surely can't!
You are the man, Bruce!
B-R-O-O-C-E

Bruce,
The time has come to put that tumbly tum to use.
You produce, Bruce,
Fantastically enthusiastic gastric juice! Oh ...
Eat it up! Lick it up! Suck it up!
Whatever you do, don't chuck it up and muck it up!
Come on Bruce, be our hero,
Cover yourself in Chocolate Glory!

Bruce!
You'll never again be subject to abuse
For your immense caboose,
She'll call a truce, Bruce
With every swallow you are
Tightening the noose.
We never thought it was possible
But here it is coming true:
We can have our cake and eat it too.

The time has come to put that tumbly tum to use,
No excuse, Bruce,
Let out your belt, I think you'll want your trousers loose.
Ohhh stuff it in!
You're almost finished!
You'll fit it in!
Whatever you do just don't give in!
Don't let her win!
Come on Bruce, be our hero,
Cover your self in chocolate glory ...

MATILDA
Go on Bruce. Do it!

KIDS
ohhhhhhh Bruce!
You'll never again be subject to abuse
For your immense carboose,
She'll call a truce, Bruce.
Just one more bite and you'll've
Completely cooked her goose.
We never thought it was possible
But here it is coming true:
We can have our cake and eat it ...
ahh ahh ahh ahh ...

MISS HONEY
Go on Brucey!
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Telly       
            MR WORMWOOD
Somewhere, on a show I heard 
That a picture tells a thousand words
So telly if you bothered to take a look
Is the equivalent of like.....lots of books!
All i know I learnt from telly
This big beautiful box o' facts
If you know a thing already
Baby you can switch the channel over just like that!

Endless joy an endless laughter
Folks livin' 'appily ever after
All you need to make you wise
Is twenty-three minutes plus advertisements
Why would we waste our energy turnin' the pages 1, 2, 3
When we can sit comfortably on our lovely bufferlees 
Watching people singing, and talking, and doing stuff
All I know I learnt from telly
The bigger the telly the smarter the man
You can tell from my big telly
Just how clever a feller I am

Take it away son
You can't learn that from a stupid book

All i know I learnt from telly
What to think and what to buy
I was pretty smart already
But now I'm really really smart
Very very smart

Endless content, endless channels
Endless chat on endless panels
All you need to fill your muffin
Without havin' to really think or nuffin
Why would we waste our energy
Trying to work out Ulysses
When we can sit happily on our lovely baferlees
Watching slightly famous people talking to really famous people!

All I know I learnt from telly
The bigger the telly the smarter the man
You can tell from my big telly
Just how clever a feller i am

Who the Dickens, is Charles Dickens?
Mary Shelley, gosh she sounds smelly
Harry Potter, what a rotter
Jane Austin, incompostine
James Joyce, doesnt sound nice
Ian McEwin, i feel like spewin'
William Shakespeare? Shmilliam Shmakespeare!
Moby Dick?
Easy Grandma

Altogether now!
All I know I learnt from telly
The bigger the telly
The smarter the man
You can tell from my big telly
What a very
Clevah
Fella
I am

Thank you very much





Last Update: September, 05th 2014

When I Grow up       
            BRUCE:
When I grow up
I will be tall enough to reach the branches
That I need to reach to climb the trees
You get to climb when you're grown up.

BRUCE + TOMMY:
And when I grow up
I will be smart enough to answer all
The questions that you need to know
The answers to before you're grown up

AMANDA + ERIC:
And when I grow up
I will eat sweets every day
On the way to work and I
Will go to bed late every night!

BRUCE, TOMMY, AMANDA, + ERIC:
And I will wake up
When the sun comes up and I
Will watch cartoons until my eyes go square

ALL CHILDREN EXCEPT MATILDA:
And I won't care 'cause i'll be all grown up!
When I grow up!

When I grow up, when I grow up, when I grow up,
I will be strong enough to carry all
The heavy things you have to haul
Around with you when you're a grown-up!

ADULTS AND CHILDREN:
And when I grow up, when I grow up
I will be brave enough to fight the creatures
That you have to fight beneath the bed
Each night to be a grown-up!

And when I grow up
I will have treats every day.
And i'll play with things that mum pretends
That mum's don't think are fun.
And I will wake up
When the sun comes up and I
Will spend all day just lying in the sun
But I won't burn 'cause I'll be all grown-up!
When I grow up!

MISS HONEY:
And when I grow up,
I will be brave enough to fight the creatures
That you have to fight beneath the bed
Each night to be a grown-up,
When I grow up...

MATILDA:
Just because you find that life's not fair, it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it,
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
Nothing will change!

MISS HONEY:
When I grow up....

MATILDA:
Just because I find myself in this story,
It doesn't mean that everything is written for me.
If I think the ending is fixed already,
I might as well be saying
I think that it's ok!
And that's not right!

Last Update: February, 10th 2016

I'm Here       
            (MATILDA - Spoken)

At night, the Escapologist's daughter cried herself to sleep, alone in her room.
The Escapologist knew nothing of the Aunt's wickedness, and his daughter never said a word, as she didn't want to add to her Father's pain.
This only encouraged the Aunt to greater cruelties, until one day she exploded!

(MATILDA and AUNT - Spoken)

You are a useless, filthy, nasty little creep!

(MATILDA - Spoken)

And she beat her, and threw her into a dank, dark, dusty cellar, locked the door and went out.
But that day the Escapologist happened to come home early, and when he heard the sound of his daughter's tears, he smashed the door open!

(ESCAPOLOGIST - Sung)

Don't Cry!
I am here little girl.
Please don't cry, dry your eyes
wipe away your tears little girl.
Forgive me, I didn't mean to desert you.
Don't cry little girl.
Nothing can hurt you, you've nothing to fear.
I'm here.

(MATILDA and ESCAPOLOGIST - Spoken)

Have I been so wrapped up in my grief for my wife, that I have forgotten the one thing that mattered to us most?
I love you so much, my daughter.
I shall spend the rest of my life making it up to you.
We shall be together, forever.

(MATILDA - Sung)

Don't cry, Daddy!
I'm alright, Daddy!
Please don't cry, here, let me wipe away your tears.
Daddy, forgive me.
I didn't want to upset you.
Please Daddy, don't cry
I'll be alright, with you by my side!
I have nothing to fear!
You're here!

(ESCAPOLOGIST and (MATILDA) - Sung)

Don't Cry!
(Don't cry, Daddy!)

Please don't cry, I am here little girl!
(I'm alright, Daddy!)

Please don't cry!
(Please don't cry, here)

Dry your eyes, let me wipe away your tears, little girl.
(Let me wipe away your tears)

Forgive me!
(Daddy, forgive me!)

I didn't mean to desert you!
(I didn't want to upset you)

(Please Daddy, don't cry)
Don't cry, little girl!

(I'll be alright, with you by my side)
Nothing can hurt you

(I've nothing to fear)
You've nothing to fear

I'm here!
(You're here!)

(MATILDA - Spoken)

But when the little girl fell asleep, the Escapologist's thoughts turned to the Acrobat's sister.
And an almighty rage grew in his great heart!

(MATILDA and ESCAPOLOGIST - Spoken)

This demon! This villian! This monster!
She has sullied the memory of my wife!
She has betrayed the trust of her own sister!
She has shown cruelty to the most precious reality of my marriage!
Bullying children is a game, is it?
Well lets see what this creature thinks she can do when the wrath of a grown man stands before her!

(MATILDA - Spoken)

But that was the last the little girl ever saw of her Father.
Because he never came home.
Ever again.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

The Smell of Rebellion       
            This school of late has started reeking -
Quiet, maggots, when I'm speaking! -
Reeking with a most disturbing scent...
Only the finest nostrils smell it,
But I know it oh-too-well.
It is the odour of rebellion.
It's the bouquet of dissent!
And you may bet your britches
This headmistress
Finds this foul odiferousness
Wholly olfactorily insulting.
And so to stop the stench's spread,
I find a session of phys. ed.
Sorts the merely rank from the revolting.
The smell of rebellion comes out in the sweat,
And phys. ed. will get you sweating,
And it won't be long before I smell the pong
Of aiding and abetting!
A bit of phys. ed. will tell us who
Has a head full of rebellious thoughts.
Hold! Hold!
Just like a rotten egg floats
To the top of a bucket of water.
(CHORUS 1:)
(One, two, three, four...)
The smell of rebellion!
The stench of revolt!
The reek of insubordination!
(I can't take it anymore! One, two, three, four...)
The whiff of resistance!
The pong of dissent!
The funk of mutiny in action!
(That's not right!)
Before a weed becomes too big and greedy,
You really need to nip it in the bud.
POSITION TWO!
Before the worm starts to turn,
You must scrape off the dirt,
And rip it from the mud!
(CHORUS 2:)
(One, two, three, four...) x2
The whiff of insurgence!
The stench of intent!
The reek of pre-pubescent protest!
(But that's not right!)
(One, two, three, four...) x2
The funk of defiance!
The odour of coup!
The waft of anarchy in progress!
(I can't take it anymore!)
Once we've exorcised/exercised these demons,
They shall be too pooped for dreaming!
Some double-time discipline
Should stop the rot from setting in!
All right - let's step it up. Double-time!
One, two, three, four!
Discipline
Discipline
For children who aren't listening,
For midgets who are fidgeting
And whispering in history,
Their chattering and chittering,
Their nattering and twittering,
Is tempered with a smattering of
Discipline.
We must begin insisting
On rigidity and discipline,
Persistently resisting
This anarchistic mischieving.
These minutes you are frittering
On pandering and pitying
While little ones like this
They just want discipline.
The simpering and whimpering,
The dribbling and the spittling,
The 'Miss, I need a tissue'
Is an issue we can fix.
There is no mystery to mastering
The art of classroom mistressing.
It's discipline, discipline, discipline!
(CHORUS 3:)
The smell of rebellion!
The stench of revolt!
The reek of pre-pubescent plotting!
The whiff of resistance!
The pong of dissent!
The funk of moral fibre rotting!
Imagine a world with no children.
Close your eyes and just dream.
Imagine. Come on - try it...
The peace and the quiet...
A babbling stream...
Now imagine a woods with a cottage,
And inside that cottage we find
A dwarf called Zeke, a carnival freak,
Who can fold paper hats with his mind,
And he says, "Don't let them steal your horses! No!"
"Don't let them throw them away! No!"
"If you find your way through,"
"They'll be waiting for you,"
"Singing 'neigh neigh'!"
She's mad!
Aha! And there, just like I said,
The stinking maggot rears his head.
Even the squittiest, pittiest mess
Can harbour seeds of stinkiness.
Have you ever seen anything more repellent?!
Have you ever smelled anything worse
Than that smell of rebellion?!
(OVERLAPPING VERSE 1 - FOREGROUND:)
The stench of revolt!
The reek of insubordination!
The whiff of resistance!
The pong of dissent!
(OVERLAPPING VERSE 2 - BACKGROUND:) (X2)
Discipline, discipline,
No more whispering.
Children need discipline,
Cut out their whimpering.
If you're mischeiving,
She'll sniff you out.
Without a doubt,
She's a snout in a million.
And I will not stop 'til you are squashed!
'Til this rebellion is quashed!
'Til glorious, sweaty discipline has washed
This sickening scent...
Away!

Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Quiet       
            MATILDA)

Have you ever wondered, well I have.
About how when I say, say red, for example.
There's no way of knowing if red
Means the same thing in your head
As red means in my head, when someone says red!

And how if we are travelling at, almost the speed of light
And we're holding a light
That light will still travel away from us
At the full speed of light, which seems right in a way

What I'm trying to say, I'm not sure
But I wonder if inside my head
I'm not just a bit different from some of my friends
These answers that come into my mind unbidden
These stories delivered to me fully written!

And when everyone shouts like they seem to like shouting
The noise in my head is incredibly loud!
And I just wish they'd stop, my Dad and my Mum.
And the telly and stories would stop just for once!

I'm sorry, I'm not quite explaining it right.
the noise becomes anger and the anger is light
And its burning inside me would usually fade.
But it isn't today!
And the heat and the shouting.
And my heart is pounding.
And my eyes are burning
And suddenly everything, everything is...

Quiet
Like silence, but not really silent.
Just that still sort of quiet.
Like the sound of a page being turned in a book.
Or a pause in a walk in the woods.

Quiet
Like silence, but not really silent.
Just that nice kind of quiet.
Like the sound when you lie upside down in your bed.
Just the sound of your heart in your head.

And though the people around me.
Their mouths are still moving.
The words they are forming.
Cannot reach me anymore!

And it is quiet.
And I am warm.
Like I've sailed.
Into the eye of the storm.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

My House       
            (MISS HONEY)

This roof keeps me dry when the rain falls.
This door helps to keep the cold at bay.
On this floor I can stand on my own two feet.

On this chair I can write my lessons.
On this pillow I can dream my nights away.
And this table, as you can see, well, it's perfect for tea.

It isn't much but it is enough for me.
It isn't much but it is enough...

On these walls I hang wonderful pictures.
Through this window I can watch the seasons change.
By this lamp I can read, and I, I am set free!

And when it's cold outside I feel no fear!
Even in the winter storms, I am warmed by a small but stubborn fire.
And there is no-where I would rather be.

It isn't much but it is enough for me.
It isn't much but it is enough for me.

For this is my house!
This is my house!
It isn't much but it is enough for me.

This is my house!
This is my house!
It isn't much but it is enough.

(MISS HONEY and (MATILDA and the ESCAPOLOGIST))

(Don't cry ...)
And when it's cold and bleak

(Please don't cry, I'm here! ... )
I feel no fear!

Even in the fiercest storms!
(Please don't cry ...)

I am warmed
(Let me wipe away your tears!)
by a small but stubborn fire!

(MISS HONEY and (the ESCAPOLOGIST))

(Forgive me)
Even when outside it's freezing
(I didn't want to desert you)
I don't pay much heed.

(I know that I hurt you)
I know that everything I need is in here.

It isn't much but it is enough for me.
It isn't much but it is enough for me.
Last Update: December, 06th 2013

Chalk Writing       
            NIGEL
The chalk! Look, the chalk!

MISS TRUNCHBULL
What?

CHILD
It's moving.

ERIC
It's moving! It's . . . It's writing something.

MISS TRUNCHBULL
What the devil? Who? Who?

CHILD
No one. No one's doing anything.

MISS TRUNCHBULL switches off the lasers. The chalk starts writing as the CHILDREN read the words from the board.

CHILD
Ag - a - tha. Agatha.

CHILD
This - is - Magnus.

MISS HONEY reaches up as though to touch the letters, then looks at MATILDA.

MISS TRUNCHBULL
He can't. He can't!

CHILD
Give - my - Jen - ny - back - her - house.

CHILD
Then - LEAVE!

MISS TRUNCHBULL
No. No, no, no, no, no.

CHILD and MISS TRUNCHBULL
Or - I - will - get - you ?

CHILD and MISS TRUNCHBULL
I like - YOU - GOT - ME!

CHILDREN and MISS HONEY
Run! Run! RUN! [etc.]
Last Update: May, 07th 2014

Revolting Children       
            Woah!
Never again will she get the best of me!
Never again will she take away my freedom.
And we won't forget the day we fought
For the right to be a little bit naughty!
Never again will The Chokey door slam!
Never again will I be bullied, and
Never again will I doubt it when
My mummy says I'm a miracle!
Never again!
Never again will we live behind bars!
Never again now that we know...
(CHORUS:)
We are revolting children...
Living in revolting times...
We sing revolting songs
Using revolting rhymes.
We'll be revolting children,
'Til our revolting's done,
And we'll have the Trunchbull vaulting.
We're revolting!
(REPEAT CHORUS)
We will become a screaming horde!
Take out your hockey stick, and use it as a sword!
Never again will we be ignored!
We'll find out where the chalk is stored,
And draw rude pictures on the board!
It's not insulting; we're revolting!
We can S-P-L how we like!
If enough of us are wrong,
Wrong is right!
Every word N-O-R-T-Y...
'Cause we're a little bit naughty!
So we ought to stay inside the line.
But If we disobey at the same time,
There is nothing that the Trunchbull can do!
She can take her hammer and S-H-U.
You didn't think you could push us too far,
But there's no going back now, we...
R-E-V-O-L-T-I-N
(Come on!)
We're S-I-N-G
U-S-I-N-G...
(Yeah...)
We'll be R-E-V-O-L-T-I-N-G.
(Oh...)
It is 2-L-8-4-U.
E-R-E-volting!
(REPEAT CHORUS)
Woah!!!

Last Update: May, 07th 2014

When I Grow Up (Reprise)       
            When I Grow Up (When I Grow Up)
I Will Be Tall Enough To Reach The Branches
That I Need To Reach To Climb
The Trees You Get To Climb
When Youre Grown Up

Last Update: May, 07th 2014

Story 1: Once Upon a Time?       
            MATILDA:
Once upon a time...
The two greatest circus performers in the world, an escapologist, who could escape from any lock that was ever invented, and an acrobat, who was so skilled, it seemed as if she could actually fly, fell in love and got married. They performed some of the most incredible feats together anyone has ever seen, and people would come from miles around: kings, queens, celebrities, and astronauts. And not just to see their skill, but also to see their love for each other, which was so deep that it was said that cats would purr as they passed them, and dogs would weep with joy.
They moved into a beautiful old house on the edge of town, and in the evenings, they would walk and take the air. And each night, the children of the town would wait in anticipation, hoping for a glimpse of the shiny white scarf that the acrobat always wore. For then, they knew they had only to cry, "Tricks! Tricks!" and the great performers would instantly oblige, with the most spectacular show, just for them.
But, although they loved each other, although they were famous and everyone loved them, they were sad.

ACROBAT:
We have everything...

MATILDA:
"We have everything that the world has to offer," said the wife,

ESCAPOLOGIST:
We have everything...

MATILDA:
"But we do not have the one thing in the world we want most."

ACROBAT & ESCAPOLOGIST:
But the one thing...

MATILDA:
"We do not have a child."

ESCAPOLOGIST:
Patience, my love...

MATILDA:
"Patience, my love," the husband replied, "Time is on our side, even time loves us."

MRS. PHELPS:
Oh, Matilda...

MATILDA:
But time is the one thing no one is master of, and as time passed, and they grew quite old, and still, they had no child. At night, they listened to the silence of their big, empty house, and they would imagine how beautiful it would be if it was filled with the sounds of a child playing.

MRS. PHELPS:
Matilda, this is very sad.

MATILDA:
Do you want me to stop?

MRS. PHELPS:
Don't you dare!

MATILDA:
Their sadness overwhelmed them, and drew them on to evermore dangerous feats, as their work became the only place they could escape the inescapable tragedy of their lives! And so it was, they decided to perform the most dangerous feat ever known to man.

ESCAPOLOGIST + MATILDA:
"It is called,"

MATILDA:
- said the husband, announcing the event to the world's press, who had gathered to listen with bated breath, 

ESCAPOLOGIST + MATILDA:
"The Burning Woman Hurling Through The Air With Dynamite in Her Hair Over Sharks and Spiky Objects Caught By the Man Locked in the Cage, and it is the most dangerous feat ever known to man!"

ACROBAT + MATILDA
"It is our destiny,"

MATILDA:
- said his wife, smiling sadly and slipping her hand into his, 

ACROBAT + MATILDA:
"It is where the loneliness of life has led us."
Last Update: February, 10th 2016

Story 2: The Great Day Arrived?       
            MATILDA:
And so the great day arrived! 

It was like the entire world had gathered to see, 'The burning woman, hurling through the air, with dynamite in her hair, over sharks and spiky objects, caught by the man locked in the cage'! Everything was arranged by...the Acrobat's sister - a frightening woman who used to be an Olympic-class hammer thrower, and who loved nothing better than to SCARE the children of the town! People whispered, that in her dark and brooding heart, she resented her sister, both her success, and her love.

Suddenly, out came the Escapologist, dressed as usual in his tights and spangly costume, but there was no sign of the Acrobat, and no glimpse at all of her shiny white scarf. And instead of the usual fanfare, there was silence, as he solemnly strode into the ring.

MATILDA + ESCAPOLOGIST:
"Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! The burning woman, hurling through the air, with dynamite in her hair, over sharks and spiky objects, caught by the man locked in the cage, has been...cancelled!"

MRS PHELPS:
No!

MATILDA:
Yes. The audience gasped so loud, that a passing aeroplane caught it on its instrumentation, and reported it as an atmospheric phenomenon!

MATILDA + ESCAPOLOGIST:
"Cancelled, because my wife is...pregnant!"

MRS PHELPS:
Oh! Matilda!

MATILDA:
Absolute silence. You could have heard a fly burp. Then suddenly, the audience jumped to its feet, and roared in appreciation!

The great feat was instantly forgotten, and the applause went on for nearly an hour.

MRS PHELPS:
Oh, so it has a happy ending after all!

MATILDA:
Forgotten by everyone, except that is...the Acrobat's sister. When all had quietened down, she stepped forward and produced a contract.

MRS PHELPS:
A, a contract?

MATILDA + THE ACROBAT'S SISTER:
"A contract you have signed to perform this feat, and perform this feat you shall!"

MRS PHELPS:
No!

MATILDA + THE ACROBAT'S SISTER:
I have paid for the posters, the publicity, the catering, the toilet facilities! If I give the crowd their money back, where is my profit? A contract, is a contract, is a contract! My hands are tied! The burning woman, hurling through the air, with dynamite in her hair, over sharks and spiky objects, caught by the man locked in the cage, will be performed and performed this day or...off to prison you both shall go!"

MRS PHELPS:
No, no!	
Last Update: February, 10th 2016

Story 3: The Trick Started Well?       
            MATILDA:
Slowly, very slowly, the Acrobat wound her shiny white scarf around her husband's neck.

MATILDA + ACROBAT
"For luck, my love,"

MATILDA
- she said, kissing him with the gentlest of kisses.

MATILDA + ACROBAT:
"Smile, we have done this a thousand times."

MATILDA:
Then suddenly, she hugged him with the biggest hug in the world, so hard, that he felt she was going to hug all the air out of him. And so they prepared themselves for the most dangerous feat that had ever been performed. The great Escapologist had to escape from the cage, lean out, catch his wife with one hand, grab a fire extinguisher with the other, and put out the flames on her specially designed dress within 12 seconds, before they reached the dynamite, and blew his wife's head off!

MRS PHELPS:
Aah! Sorry, go on.

MATILDA:
The trick started well. The moment the specially designed dress was set alight, the Acrobat swung into the air. The crowd held their breath as she hurled over the sharks and spiky objects - one second, two seconds! They watched as the flames crept up the dress - three seconds, four seconds! She began to reach out her arms towards the cage - five seconds, six seconds! Suddenly the padlocks pinged open, and the huge chains fell away - seven seconds, eight seconds! The door flung open, and the Escapologist reached out one huge, muscled arms to catch his wife, and the child - nine seconds, ten seconds!

MRS PHELPS:
Oh, I can't look!

MATILDA:
Eleven seconds! And he grabs her hand, and, and, and suddenly, the flames are covered in foam, before they can both be blown to pieces.

MRS PHELPS:
Hooray! So the story does have a happy ending after all!

MATILDA:
No.

MRS PHELPS:
No?

MATILDA:
No. Maybe it was the thought of their child. Maybe it was nerves. But the Escapologist used just a touch too much foam, and suddenly their hands became slippy, and she fell.

MRS PHELPS:
No...was she okay? Did she survive?

MATILDA:
She broke every bone in her body, except for the ones at the ends of her little fingers. She did manage to live long enough to have their child, but the effort was too great. "Love our little girl," she said, "Love our daughter with all your heart. She is all we have ever wanted."

ACROBAT (sung):
"Love our girl, with everything, she is everything..."

MATILDA:
And then, she died.

And then, things got worse.

MRS PHELPS:
What? Worse? Oh no, Matilda, they can't get worse!

MATILDA:
I'm afraid they did! Because the Escapologist was so kind, that he never for one second blamed the evil sister for what had happened. In fact, he asked her to move in and help look after his daughter! She was nothing but cruel to the little girl, making her wash and iron and cook and clean, and beating her if she did a thing wrong! But always in secret, so the Escapologist never suspected a thing! And so, the poor little girl grew up with the meanest, cruelest, horriblest aunt you could possibly imagine!

MRS PHELPS:
Let's call the police!	
Last Update: February, 10th 2016
