How does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore and a Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten 
spot in the Caribbean by Providence impoverished in squalor
grow up to be a hero and a scholar?

The Ten dollar, founding father without a father
got a lot farther by working a lot harder
by being a lot smarter by being a self-starter 
by fourteen, they placed him in charge of a trading charter

And every day while slaves were being slaughtered and carted away 
across the waves he struggled and kept his guard up
Inside he was longing for something to be a part of 
the brother was ready to beg steal borrow or barter

Then a hurricane came and devastation rained 
our man saw his future drip-dripping down the drain 
put a pencil to his temple connected it to his brain
and he wrote his first refrain a testament to his pain

Well the word got around they said this kid is insane man
took up a collection just to send him to the mainland
Get your education don't forget from whence you came. And the world is gonna know your name. 
What's ya name, man?

Alexander Hamilton.
My name is Alexander Hamilton.
And there's a million things I haven't done. 
But just you wait, just you, wait.

When he was 10, his father split
Full of it, debt-ridden
Two years later, see Alex and his mother, bed-ridden
Half-dead, sittin' in their own sick, the scent thick
And Alex got better but his mother went quick

Moved in with a cousin, the cousin committed suicide
Left him with nothin' but ruined pride
Somethin' new inside
A voice saying Alex, you gotta fend for yourself
He started retreatin' and readin' every treatise on the shelf

There would've been nothin' left to do
For someone less astute
He would've been dead and destitute
Without a cent of restitution
Started workin', clerkin' for his late mother's landlord
Tradin' sugar cane and rum and other things he can't afford

Scannin' for every book he can get his hands on
Plannin' for the future, see him now as he stands on
The bow of a ship headed for a new land
In New York you can be a new man (x4) In New York (New York) Just you wait (x3)

Alexander Hamilton
We are waiting in the weeds for you
You could never back down
You never learned to take your time
Alexander Hamilton
America Sings for you
Do they know what you overcame
Do they know you control your name
The world will never be the same, oh

The ship is in the harbor now
See if you can spot him
Another immigrant comin' up from the bottom
His enemies destroyed his rep, America forgot him

We, fought with him
Me, I died for him
Me, I trusted him
Me, I loved him
And me, I'm the damn fool that shot him
There's a million things I haven't done, but just you wait
Whats ya name man? 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON






Pardon me. Are you Aaron Burr, sir?


Oh, well, sure, sir
I’m Alexander Hamilton, I’m at your service, sir
I have been looking for you

Sir…
I heard your name at Princeton. I was seeking an accelerated course of study when I got sort of out of sorts with a buddy of yours. I may have punched him. It’s a blur, sir. He handles the financials?

Yes!
I wanted to do what you did. Graduate in two, then join the revolution. He looked at me like I was stupid, I’m not stupid

So how’d you do it? How’d you graduate so fast?

You’re an orphan. Of course! I’m an orphan
God, I wish there was a war!
Then we could prove that we’re worth more
Than anyone bargained for…

That would be nice

What?

Ha

You can’t be serious


Yes

If you stand for nothing, Burr, what’ll you fall for?

I am not throwing away my shot!
I am not throwing away my shot!
Hey yo, I’m just like my country
I’m young, scrappy and hungry
And I’m not throwing away my shot!
I’m ‘a get a scholarship to King’s College
I prob’ly shouldn’t brag, but dag, I amaze and astonish
The problem is I got a lot of brains but no polish
I gotta holler just to be heard
With every word, I drop knowledge!
I’m a diamond in the rough, a shiny piece of coal
Tryin’ to reach my goal. My power of speech: unimpeachable
Only nineteen but my mind is older
These New York City streets get colder, I shoulder
Ev’ry burden, ev’ry disadvantage
I have learned to manage, I don’t have a gun to brandish
I walk these streets famished
The plan is to fan this spark into a flame
But damn, it’s getting dark, so let me spell out the name
I am the—

A colony that runs independently
Meanwhile, Britain keeps shittin’ on us endlessly
Essentially, they tax us relentlessly
Then King George turns around, runs a spending spree
He ain’t ever gonna set his descendants free
So there will be a revolution in this century
Enter me!
Don’t be shocked when your hist’ry book mentions me
I will lay down my life if it sets us free
Eventually, you’ll see my ascendancy


And I am not throwing away
My shot
I am not throwing away
My shot
Hey yo, I’m just like my country
I’m young, scrappy and hungry
And I’m not throwing away my shot	 
Burr, check what we got
Mister Lafayette, hard rock like Lancelot
I think your pants look hot
Laurens, I like you a lot
Let’s hatch a plot blacker than the kettle callin’ the pot...
What are the odds the gods would put us all in one spot
Poppin’ a squat on conventional wisdom, like it or not
A bunch of revolutionary manumission abolitionists?
Give me a position, show me where the ammunition is!

Oh, am I talkin’ too loud?
Sometimes I get over excited, shoot off at the mouth
I never had a group of friends before
I promise that I’ll make y’all proud
I imagine death so much it feels more like a memory
When’s it gonna get me?
In my sleep? Seven feet ahead of me?
If I see it comin’, do I run or do I let it be?
Is it like a beat without a melody?
See, I never thought I’d live past twenty
Where I come from some get half as many
Ask anybody why we livin’ fast and we laugh, reach for a flask
We have to make this moment last, that’s plenty

Scratch that
This is not a moment, it’s the movement
Where all the hungriest brothers with
Something to prove went?
Foes oppose us, we take an honest stand
We roll like Moses, claimin’ our promised land
And? If we win our independence?
Is that a guarantee of freedom for our descendants?
Or will the blood we shed begin an endless
Cycle of vengeance and death with no defendants?
I know the action in the street is excitin’
But Jesus, between all the bleedin’ ‘n fightin’
I’ve been readin’ ‘n writin’
We need to handle our financial situation
Are we a nation of states? What’s the state of our nation?
I’m past patiently waitin’. I’m passionately
Smashin’ every expectation
Every action’s an act of creation!
I’m laughin’ in the face of casualties and sorrow
For the first time, I’m thinkin’ past tomorrow

Time to take a shot!

I may not live to see our glory


But I will gladly join the fight

And when our children tell our story

They?ll tell the story of tonight

Let?s have another round tonight

They?ll tell the story of tonight

No matter what they tell you


Yo!
He’d have you all unravel at the
Sound of screams but the
Revolution is comin’
The have-nots are gonna
Win this
It’s hard to listen to you with a straight face

Chaos and bloodshed already haunt us, honestly you shouldn’t even talk. And what about Boston? Look at the cost, n’ all that we’ve lost n’ you talk
About Congress?!

My dog speaks more eloquently than thee!

But strangely, your mange is the same


Is he in Jersey?

For the revolution!	 
If you repeat yourself again I’m gonna—


Honestly, look at me, please don’t read!

Don’t modulate the key then not debate with me!
Why should a tiny island across the sea regulate the price of tea?

Burr, I’d rather be divisive than indecisive, drop the niceties



As a kid in the Caribbean I wished for a war
I knew that I was poor
I knew it was the only way to—

If they tell my story
I am either gonna die on the battlefield in glory or—

I will fight for this land
But there’s only one man
Who can give us a command so we can—

Understand? It’s the only way to—

Here he comes!
They’re battering down the Battery check the damages

We gotta stop ‘em and rob ‘em of their advantages

Let’s take a stand with the stamina God has granted us
Hamilton won’t abandon ship
Yo, let’s steal their cannons—
Your excellency, you wanted to see me?

Yes, sir

Have I done something wrong, sir?
Sir?
Sir!

To be their Secretary? I don’t think so

I’m not—

Yes

Why are you telling me this?

I am not throwing away my shot!

You need all the help you can get
I have some friends. Laurens, Mulligan
Marquis de Lafayette, okay, what else?

We’ll need some spies on the inside
Some King’s men who might let some things slide

I’ll write to Congress and tell ‘em we need supplies, you rally the guys, master the element of surprise

I’ll rise above my station, organize your information, ‘til we rise to the occasion of our new nation. Sir!

Rise up!
Rise up!
Rise up!	
Boom!
Chicka-boom!

What?
That’s true

Is it a question of if, Burr, or which one?



Where are you taking me?

Then by all means, lead the way

Schuyler?

If it takes fighting a war for us to meet, it will have been worth it

Eliza, I don’t have a dollar to my name
An acre of land, a troop to command, a dollop of fame
All I have’s my honor, a tolerance for pain
A couple of college credits and my top-notch brain
Insane, your family brings out a different side of me
Peggy confides in me, Angelica tried to take a bite of me
No stress, my love for you is never in doubt
We’ll get a little place in Harlem and we’ll figure it out
I’ve been livin’ without a family since I was a child
My father left, my mother died, I grew up buckwild
But I’ll never forget my mother’s face, that was real
And long as I’m alive, Eliza, swear to God
You’ll never feel so…

Eliza…


I’ve never felt so—
My life is gon’ be fine cuz Eliza’s in it.



You're like me, I'm never satisfied.

I have never been satisfied

Alexander Hamilton

Unimportant. There's a million things I haven't done. 
But just you wait, just you wait.
Where are you taking me?

Then by all means lead the way.

Schuyler?

Well if takes fighting a war for us to meet, it will have well been worth it.

Well, if it isn’t Aaron Burr

I didn’t think that you would make it
Ignore them. Congrats to you, Lieutenant Colonel
I wish I had your command instead of manning George’s journal

Yes, I do
Is that so?
No, these guys should go
Leave us alone
It’s alright, Burr. I wish you’d brought this girl with you tonight, Burr
What do you mean?

I see

Oh shit…
I will never understand you
If you love this woman, go get her! What are you waiting for?
I’ll see you on the other side of the war



I have never seen the General so despondent
I have taken over writing all his correspondence
Congress writes, “George, attack the British forces.”
I shoot back, we have resorted to eating our horses
Local merchants deny us equipment, assistance
They only take British money, so sing a song of sixpence


Sir!

That’s right

Make it impossible to justify the cost of the fight
Outrun

Outlast

Chick-a-plao!

We cut supply lines, we steal contraband
We pick and choose our battles and places to take a stand
And ev’ry day
“Sir, entrust me with a command,”
And ev’ry day

He dismisses me out of hand


Instead of me
He promotes
Charles Lee
Makes him second-in-command:	 

Yeah. He’s not the choice I would have gone with

Ready, sir!

Yes, sir!

Charles Lee was left behind
Without a pot to piss in
He started sayin’ this to anybody who would listen:

But, sir!

I can’t disobey direct orders

Laurens, do not throw away your shot


Your lieutenant when there’s reckoning to be reckoned
Or negotiate a time and place
You pay him in advance, you treat him with civility
Leave a note for your next of kin
Tell ‘em where you been. Pray that hell or heaven lets you in
Aaron Burr, sir
Sure
But your man has to answer for his words, Burr

Hang on, how many men died because Lee was inexperienced and ruinous?

Look ‘em in the eye, aim no higher
Summon all the courage you require
Then count

Lee, do you yield?

Go! We won

Sir!
Don’t call me son

Lee called you out. We called his bluff

You're absolutely right, John should have shot him in the mouth
That would’ve shut him up

I’m notcha son—

Charles Lee, Thomas Conway
These men take your name and they rake it
Through the mud
Well, I don’t have your name. I don’t have your titles
I don’t have your land
But, if you—

If you gave me command of a battalion, a group of men to lead, I could fly above my station after the war

I’m more than willing to die—

Call me son one more time—

Sir—

How long have you known?

Eliza, you should have told me

No
You should have told me
Will you relish being a poor man’s wife
Unable to provide for your life?

Monsieur Lafayette.

Are you saying, 'No Sweat''
We're finally on the field,
We've had quite a run.
So what happens if we win'

We'll be with you when you do.

I'll see you on the other side.

I am not throwing away my shot!
I am not throwing away my shot!
Yo, I'm just like my country,
I'm young, scrappy, and hungry,
And I am not throwing away my shot!

('Till the world turns upside down.)

I imagine death so much it feels more like a memory.
This is where it gets me,
On my feet, the enemy ahead of me.
If this is the end of me,
At least I have a friend with me.
Weapon in my head,
In command of my men with me.

Then I remember my Eliza's expecting me,
Not only that, my Eliza's expecting.
You gotta go,
Gotta get the job done,
Gotta start a new nation,
Gotta meet my son.

Get yo bullets out yo guns,
Get yo bullets out yo guns.
We move under cover,
And we move as one.
Through the night we have one shot to live another day.
We can not let a stray gunshot give us away.

We will fight up close,
Seize the moment and stay in it.
It's either that or meet the business end of a bayonet.
The code word is, 'Ro-Sham-Bo.'
Dig me'

You have your orders now,
Go man, go!

And so the American experiment begins,
With my friends all scattered to the winds,
Laurens is South Carolina,
Redefining bravery.
We'll never be free until we end slavery.

When we finally drive the British away,
Lafayette is there waiting,
In Chesapeake Bay.

How did we know that this plan would work'
We had a spy on the inside,
That's right: 

After a week of fighting,
A young man in a red coat stands on a parapet.
We negotiate the terms of surrender.
I see George Washington smile.
We escort their men out of Yorktown.
They stagger home, single file.
Tens of thousands of people flood the streets,
There are screams and church bells ringing.
And as our fallen foes retreat,
I hear the drinking song they're singing.

Gotta start a new nation,
Gotta meet my son!

We won!
Oh, Phillip when you smile I am undone, my son
Look at my son
Pride is not the word I'm looking for
There is so much more inside me now

Oh, Phillip you outshine the morning sun, my son
When you smile, I fall apart and I thought I was so smart

My father wasn't around

I swear that

I'll do whatever it takes

I practiced law, Burr worked next door
Gentlemen of the jury, I’m curious, bear with me
Are you aware that we’re making hist’ry?
This is the first murder trial of our brand-new nation

The liberty behind
Deliberation—	 


I intend to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt
With my assistant counsel—
Okay!
One more thing—
Corruption’s such an old song that we can sing along in harmony
And nowhere is it stronger than in Albany
This colony’s economy’s increasingly stalling and
Honestly, that’s why public service
Seems to be calling me.	 
I practiced the law, I practic’ly perfected it
I’ve seen injustice in the world and I’ve corrected it
Now for a strong central democracy
If not, then I’ll be Socrates

Throwing verbal rocks
At these mediocrities.	 

I was chosen for the Constitutional Convention!

Now what I’m going to say may sound indelicate…
Aaron Burr, sir
Can we confer, sir?
Yes, and it’s important to me
Burr, you’re a better lawyer than me
I know I talk too much, I’m abrasive
You’re incredible in court. You’re succinct, persuasive
My client needs a strong defense. You’re the solution
The new U.S. Constitution?

Hear me out
A series of essays, anonymously published
Defending the document to the public
I disagree

Burr, that’s why we need it
So it needs amendments

So is independence
We have to start somewhere
You’re making a mistake
Hey
What are you waiting for?
What do you stall for?

We won the war
What was it all for?
Do you support this constitution?
Then defend it
Burr, we studied and we fought and we killed
For the notion of a nation we now get to build
For once in your life, take a stand with pride
I don’t understand how you stand to the side


Angelica
Treasury or State?
Treasury or State?
Sir, do you want me to run the Treasury or State department?

Let’s go
I have to leave
Look around, look around at how lucky we are to be alive right now

They are asking me to lead
I am not throwin’ away my shot!

I am not throwin’ away my shot!
I am
Alexander Hamilton!


I am not throwin’ away my shot!	 



Not true!
Thomas. That was a real nice declaration
Welcome to the present, we’re running a real nation
Would you like to join us, or stay mellow
Doin’ whatever the hell it is you do in Monticello?
If we assume the debts, the union gets
A new line of credit, a financial diuretic
How do you not get it? If we’re aggressive and competitive
The union gets a boost. You’d rather give it a sedative?
A civics lesson from a slaver. Hey neighbor
Your debts are paid cuz you don’t pay for labor
“We plant seeds in the South. We create.”
Yeah, keep ranting
We know who’s really doing the planting
And another thing, Mr. Age of Enlightenment
Don’t lecture me about the war, you didn’t fight in it
You think I’m frightened of you, man?
We almost died in a trench
While you were off getting high with the French
Thomas Jefferson, always hesitant with the President
Reticent—there isn’t a plan he doesn’t jettison
Madison, you’re mad as a hatter, son, take your medicine
Damn, you’re in worse shape than the national debt is in
Sittin’ there useless as two shits
Hey, turn around, bend over, I’ll show you
Where my shoe fits

Sir!

I’m sorry, these Virginians are birds of a feather
So we let Congress get held hostage by the South?

No, we need bold strokes. We need this plan

James Madison won’t talk to me, that’s a nonstarter


They’re being intransigent
But they don’t have a plan, they just hate mine!

What happens if I don’t get congressional approval?

Sir—

I have an early meeting out of town

I know. I just need to write something down

Shhh

I’ll be back before you know I’m gone

This meeting’s at dawn
Hey. Best of wives and best of women

Mr. Vice President:

I am not the reason no one trusts you
No one knows what you believe
I will not equivocate on my opinion
I have always worn it on my sleeve
Even if I said what you think I said
You would need to cite a more specific grievance
Here’s an itemized list of thirty years of disagreements

Hey, I have not been shy
I am just a guy in the public eye
Tryin’ to do my best for our republic
I don’t wanna fight
But I won’t apologize for doing what’s right

I have the honor to be Your Obedient Servant
A dot Ham
Burr, your grievance is legitimate
I stand by what I said, every bit of it
You stand only for yourself
It’s what you do
I can’t apologize because it’s true

You’re on

A dot Ham


