Jack and Jill, went up the hill
To fetch a pail of water, so they say
Their subsequent fall was inevitable
They never stood a chance, they were written that way
Innocent victims of their story!

Like Romeo and Juliet
T' was written in the stars before they even met
That love and fate, and a touch of stupidity
Would rob them of their hope of living happily
The endings are often a little bit gory
I wonder why they didn't just change their story?
We're told we have to do as we're told but surely
Sometimes you have to be a little bit naughty.

Just because you find that life's not fair it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
Nothing will change.

Even if you're little, you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

(speaking part)

Cinderella, in the cellar
Didn't have to do much as far as I can tell
Her Godmother, was two thirds fairy
Suddenly her lot was a lot less scary
But what if you haven't got a fairy to fix it?
Sometimes you have to make a little bit of mischief.

Just because you find that life's not fair it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
Nothing will change.

Even if you're little, you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

(Spoken)

Platinum blonde hair dye, extra strong.
Keep out of reach of children
Hmmm ....

Oil of violet hair tonic, for men
Yep!

(Sung)

In the slip of a bolt, there's a tiny revolt.
The seeds of a war in the creak of a floorboard.
A storm can begin, with the flap of a wing.
The tiniest mite packs the mightiest sting!
Every day, starts with the tick of a clock.
All escapes, starts with the click of a lock!
If you're stuck in your story and want to get out
You don't have to cry, you don't have to shout!

'Cause if you're little you can do a lot, you
Mustn't let a little thing like, 'little' stop you
If you sit around and let them get on top, you
Won't change a thing!

Just because you find that life's not fair, it
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it!
If you always take it on the chin and wear it
You might as well be saying
You think that it's ok
And that's not right!
And if it's not right!
You have to put it right!

But nobody else it gonna put it right for me!
Nobody but me is going to change my story!
Sometimes you have to be a little bit naughty!
At night, the Escapologist's daughter cried herself to sleep, alone in her room.
The Escapologist knew nothing of the Aunt's wickedness, and his daughter never said a word, as she didn't want to add to her Father's pain.
This only encouraged the Aunt to greater cruelties, until one day she exploded!

And she beat her, and threw her into a dank, dark, dusty cellar, locked the door and went out.
But that day the Escapologist happened to come home early, and when he heard the sound of his daughter's tears, he smashed the door open!

Don't cry, Daddy!
I'm alright, Daddy!
Please don't cry, here, let me wipe away your tears.
Daddy, forgive me.
I didn't want to upset you.
Please Daddy, don't cry
I'll be alright, with you by my side!
I have nothing to fear!
You're here!

But when the little girl fell asleep, the Escapologist's thoughts turned to the Acrobat's sister.
And an almighty rage grew in his great heart!

But that was the last the little girl ever saw of her Father.
Because he never came home.
Ever again.
Have you ever wondered, well I have.
About how when I say, say red, for example.
There's no way of knowing if red
Means the same thing in your head
As red means in my head, when someone says red!

And how if we are travelling at, almost the speed of light
And we're holding a light
That light will still travel away from us
At the full speed of light, which seems right in a way

What I'm trying to say, I'm not sure
But I wonder if inside my head
I'm not just a bit different from some of my friends
These answers that come into my mind unbidden
These stories delivered to me fully written!

And when everyone shouts like they seem to like shouting
The noise in my head is incredibly loud!
And I just wish they'd stop, my Dad and my Mum.
And the telly and stories would stop just for once!

I'm sorry, I'm not quite explaining it right.
the noise becomes anger and the anger is light
And its burning inside me would usually fade.
But it isn't today!
And the heat and the shouting.
And my heart is pounding.
And my eyes are burning
And suddenly everything, everything is...

Quiet
Like silence, but not really silent.
Just that still sort of quiet.
Like the sound of a page being turned in a book.
Or a pause in a walk in the woods.

Quiet
Like silence, but not really silent.
Just that nice kind of quiet.
Like the sound when you lie upside down in your bed.
Just the sound of your heart in your head.

And though the people around me.
Their mouths are still moving.
The words they are forming.
Cannot reach me anymore!

And it is quiet.
And I am warm.
Like I've sailed.
Into the eye of the storm.













