
Tradition, tradition! Tradition!
Tradition, tradition! Tradition
"Dear God, you made many, many poor people.
I realize, of course, that it's no shame to be poor.
But it's no great honor either!
So, what would have been so terrible if I had a small fortune?"

If I were a rich man,
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
All day long I'd biddy biddy bum.
If I were a wealthy man.
I wouldn't have to work hard.
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
If I were a biddy biddy rich,
Yidle-diddle-didle-didle man.

I'd build a big tall house with rooms by the dozen,
Right in the middle of the town.
A fine tin roof with real wooden floors below.
There would be one long staircase just going up,
And one even longer coming down,
And one more leading nowhere, just for show.

I'd fill my yard with chicks and turkeys and geese and ducks
For the town to see and hear.
And each loud "cheep" and "swaqwk" and "honk" and "quack"
Would land like a trumpet on the ear,
As if to say "Here lives a wealthy man."

If I were a rich man,
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
All day long I'd biddy biddy bum.
If I were a wealthy man.
I wouldn't have to work hard.
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
If I were a biddy biddy rich,
Yidle-diddle-didle-didle man.

I see my wife, my Golde, looking like a rich man's wife
With a proper double-chin.
Supervising meals to her heart's delight.
I see her putting on airs and strutting like a peacock.
Oy, what a happy mood she's in.
Screaming at the servants, day and night.

The most important men in town would come to fawn on me!
They would ask me to advise them,
Like a Solomon the Wise.
"If you please, Reb Tevye..."
"Pardon me, Reb Tevye..."
Posing problems that would cross a rabbi's eyes!
And it won't make one bit of difference if i answer right or wrong.
When you're rich, they think you really know!

If I were rich, I'd have the time that I lack
To sit in the synagogue and pray.
And maybe have a seat by the Eastern wall.
And I'd discuss the holy books with the learned men, several hours every day.
That would be the sweetest thing of all.

If I were a rich man,
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
All day long I'd biddy biddy bum.
If I were a wealthy man.
I wouldn't have to work hard.
Ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum.
Lord who made the lion and the lamb, 
You decreed I should be what I am.
Would it spoil some vast eternal plan? If I were a wealthy man...





To life! To life! L'chai-im! 
L'chai-im, l'chai-im, to life! 
If you've been lucky, then Monday was No worse than Sunday 
was, 
Drink l'chai-im, to life. 

To life, l'chai-im! 
L'chai-im, l'chai-im, to life! 
One day it's honey and raisin cake, 
Next day a stomach ache, 
Drink L'chai-im, to life! 

Our great men have written words of 
Wisdom to be used 
When hardship must be faced; 
Life obliges us with hardship 
So the words of wisdom 
shouldn't go to waste. 

To us and our good fortune 
Be happy be healthy, long life! 
And if our good fortune never comes 
Here's to whatever comes, 
Drink l'chaim, to life! 

To life, to life, l'chai-im,! 
L'chai-im, l'chai-im, to life! 
Life has a way of confusing us 
Blessing and bruising us, 
Drink l'chaim, to life, 

To life, l'chaim! 
L'chaim, l'chaim, to life! 
A gift we seldom are wise enough 
Ever to prize enough, 
Drink l'chaim, to life! 

God would like us to be joyful 
Even though our hearts lie panting on the floor; 
How much more can we be joyful, 
When there's really something 
To be joyful for. 

To life, to life, L'chai-im! 
L'chai-im, l'chai-im, to life! 
It gives you something to think about, 
Something to drink about, 
Drink l'chai-im, to life! l'chai-im ! 

the blessing and bruising us part comes first. 

the honey and raisin cake is not in the song at all. 

you forgot the part about there lives being more 
pleasent 

then there future ones. 

This may be a version of "To Life", but it's not the 
version from either the play or the movie. In "Fiddler," 
the song is about the wedding of Tevye's daughter. 

To life

Here's to our prosperity, our good health and happiness, 
and most important ... 
To life, to life, la kayim, 
La kayim, la kayim, to life, 
Here's to the father I tried to be, 
Here's to my bride-to-be, 
Drink la kayim, to life, 
To life, la kayim, 
La kayim, la kayim, to life, 
Life has a way of confusing us, 
Blessing and bruising us, 
Drink la kayim, to life! 
God would like us to be joyful, even when our hearts lie 
panting on the floor. 
How much more can we be joyful, when there's really 
something to be joyful for? 
To life, to life, la kayim, 
To Tzeitel, my daughter--my wife, 
It gives you something to think about, 
Something to drink about, 
Drink la kayim, to life! 

(Le Morta! 
Yes, Lazar Wolf? 
Drinks for everyone! 
What's the occasion? 
I'm taking myself a bride! 
Who is it? 
Tevye's eldest, Tzeitel!) 

To Lazar Wolf-- 
To Tevye! 
To Tzeitel, your daughter--my wife! 
May all your futures be pleasant ones, 
Not like our present ones, 
Drink la kayim, to life, 
To life, la kayim, 
La kayim, la kayim, to life, 
It takes a wedding to make us say, 
"Let's live another day," 
Drink la kayim, to life! 
We'll raise a glass and sip a drop of schnapps in honor of 
the great 
good luck that favors you, 
We know that when good fortune favors two such men, it 
stands to reason, 
we deserve it too! 
To us and our good fortune! 
Be happy, be healthy, long life! 
And if our good fortune never comes, 
Here's to whatever comes, 
Drink la kayim, to life! 

Heaven bless you both, to your health and may we live 
together in peace! 
May you both be favored with the future of your choice, 
May you live to see a thousand reasons to rejoice! 

We'll raise a glass and sip a drop of schnapps in honor of 
the great 
good luck that favors you, 
We know that when good fortune favors two such men, it 
stands to reason, 
we deserve it too! 
To us and our good fortune! 
Be happy, be healthy, long life! 
And if our good fortune never comes, 
Here's to whatever comes, 
Drink la kayim, to life!

They gave each other a pledge. Unheard of, absurd.
You gave each other a pledge? 
Unthinkable. Where do you think you are? 
In Moscow? In Paris? Where do think they are? America? 
And what do you think you're doing?
You stitcher, you nothing! Who do think you are? King Solomon? 
This isn't the way it's done, not here, not now. 
Some things I will not, I cannot, allow. 
Tradtion-Marriages must be arranged by the papa. This should never changed. 
One little time you pull out a prop, and where does it stop? Where does it stop?

Where does it stop? 
Do I still have something to say about my daughter, 
or dosen't anybody have to ask the father any more?


Stop talking nonsense. You're just a poor tailor.

He's beginning to talk like a man. 
But what kind of match would that be, with a poor tailor? 
On the other hand, he's an honest, hard worker. 
On the other hand, he has absolutely nothing. On the other hand,
Things could never get worse for him, they coulud only get better. 
They gave each other a pledge-unheard of, absurd. 
They gave each other a pledge-unthinkable. 
But look at my daughter's face-she loves him, 
She wants him-and look at my daughters eyes, so hopeful.

Tradition!

Well, children, when shall we make the wedding?

Thank you, Papa! Golde! What do I do about Golde? Help!






AAAh! help help!
What's the matter with you? Why are you howling like that?


Where is she? Where is she?


Fruma Sarah, the butcher's first wife. She was standing there a minute ago!


All right, only... don't be frightened! In the beginning I dreamt that we were having a celebration of some kind.
Everybody we knew was there. Musicians too. Suddenly, in comes your grandma Tzietl, may she rest in peace.
Naturally, I went up to greet her, and she said:

But we announced it Grandma
To our neighbors
We made a bargain Grandma
With the butcher Lazer-Wolfe


But he's a butcher!


His name is Lazer-Wolfe

The tailor Motel Camzoil
Amen


We haven't got the man
(Mazel Tov, Mazel Tov)
We had when we began
(Mazel Tov, Mazel Tov)
But since your grandma came
She'll marry... what's his name?

is this the little girl i carried,
is this the little boy at play?

when did she get to be a beauty,
when did he grow to be so tall?

what words of wisdom can i give them,
how can i help to ease their way?

"Golde, I have decided to give Perchik permission to become engaged to our daughter, Hodel."


"He's a good man, Golde. 
I like him. And what's more important, Hodel likes him. Hodel loves him. 
So what can we do? 
It's a new world... A new world. Love. Golde..."

Do you love me?


Do you love me?


"Golde I'm asking you a question..."

Do you love me?

"I know..."

But do you love me?


Golde, The first time I met you 
Was on our wedding day
I was scared

I was nervous

But my father and my mother
Said we'd learn to love each other
And now I'm asking, Golde
Do you love me?


"I know..."
But do you love me?


Then you love me?


And I suppose I love you too





























